no pig could stand on top of at least six days .
no pig could stand on top of more than six days .
no wolf could carry at least six waters .
no wolf could carry more than six waters .
no pig can stand on top of at most ten birds .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than ten birds .
no boat could open the door to at most thirty stands .
no boat could open the door to fewer than thirty stands .
no wolf could carry at most ten things .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten things .
no pig could open the door to at least one story .
no pig could open the door to more than one story .
no doctor can catch at least thirty toys .
no doctor can catch more than thirty toys .
no boat could carry at most twenty pages .
no boat could carry fewer than twenty pages .
no pig could stand on top of at most one window .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one window .
no dinosaur can carry at least nine cars .
no dinosaur can carry more than nine cars .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty windows .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty windows .
no boat could increase the size of at least thirty eggs .
no boat could increase the size of more than thirty eggs .
no pig could catch at least twenty rings .
no pig could catch more than twenty rings .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least one problem .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than one problem .
no duke can open the door to at least six girls .
no duke can open the door to more than six girls .
no boat could stand on top of at most ten books .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than ten books .
no slave could leave at most ten colors .
no slave could leave fewer than ten colors .
no slave could increase the size of at most twenty minutes .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than twenty minutes .
no pig could carry at most one car .
no pig could carry fewer than one car .
no slave can carry at most six calls .
no slave can carry fewer than six calls .
no sister could open the door to at least nine bits .
no sister could open the door to more than nine bits .
no slave could move to at least six calls .
no slave could move to more than six calls .
no slave could exist without at most six dollars .
no slave could exist without fewer than six dollars .
no boat could move to at most one whale .
no boat could move to fewer than one whale .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty birds .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty birds .
no doctor could open the door to at least thirty animals .
no doctor could open the door to more than thirty animals .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least twenty calls .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than twenty calls .
no duke could move to at most one stand .
no duke could move to fewer than one stand .
no sister can catch at least ten problems .
no sister can catch more than ten problems .
no wolf could move to at most nine animals .
no wolf could move to fewer than nine animals .
no pig could exist without at most twenty days .
no pig could exist without fewer than twenty days .
no slave can increase the size of at least twenty cars .
no slave can increase the size of more than twenty cars .
no sister could open the door to at least twenty calls .
no sister could open the door to more than twenty calls .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty bears .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty bears .
no sister could exist without at least twenty calls .
no sister could exist without more than twenty calls .
no dinosaur can leave at most ten bones .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than ten bones .
no pig can leave at most twenty ways .
no pig can leave fewer than twenty ways .
no slave could carry at most twenty engines .
no slave could carry fewer than twenty engines .
no doctor can carry at most nine fingers .
no doctor can carry fewer than nine fingers .
no doctor could stand on top of at least twenty problems .
no doctor could stand on top of more than twenty problems .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least thirty babies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than thirty babies .
no slave can increase the size of at least twenty animals .
no slave can increase the size of more than twenty animals .
no slave could catch at least thirty words .
no slave could catch more than thirty words .
no wolf can catch at least one page .
no wolf can catch more than one page .
no duke can increase the size of at least nine horses .
no duke can increase the size of more than nine horses .
no slave can open the door to at most nine animals .
no slave can open the door to fewer than nine animals .
no doctor could catch at most one lion .
no doctor could catch fewer than one lion .
no duke can stand on top of at most one thing .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than one thing .
no dinosaur can exist without at least twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can exist without more than twenty pictures .
no slave could open the door to at least thirty dogs .
no slave could open the door to more than thirty dogs .
no doctor can carry at most nine restaurants .
no doctor can carry fewer than nine restaurants .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most ten days .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than ten days .
no doctor could move to at least ten restaurants .
no doctor could move to more than ten restaurants .
no slave could open the door to at least one animal .
no slave could open the door to more than one animal .
no pig can carry at least thirty cars .
no pig can carry more than thirty cars .
no dinosaur can carry at most six feet .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than six feet .
no sister could exist without at least nine windows .
no sister could exist without more than nine windows .
no wolf can carry at most six eggs .
no wolf can carry fewer than six eggs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least nine arms .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than nine arms .
no slave could catch at most twenty guys .
no slave could catch fewer than twenty guys .
no dinosaur can catch at least six colors .
no dinosaur can catch more than six colors .
no pig could move to at least one dollar .
no pig could move to more than one dollar .
no dinosaur could exist without at least ten ways .
no dinosaur could exist without more than ten ways .
no boat can leave at least one car .
no boat can leave more than one car .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten bits .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten bits .
no boat could stand on top of at least nine dogs .
no boat could stand on top of more than nine dogs .
no doctor can catch at most ten patterns .
no doctor can catch fewer than ten patterns .
no dinosaur can catch at most one call .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than one call .
no pig could increase the size of at least ten pictures .
no pig could increase the size of more than ten pictures .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty parents .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty parents .
no dinosaur could catch at most ten movies .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than ten movies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most ten movies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than ten movies .
no sister can leave at most one king .
no sister can leave fewer than one king .
no slave can open the door to at least twenty movies .
no slave can open the door to more than twenty movies .
no sister can carry at most ten pictures .
no sister can carry fewer than ten pictures .
no sister can increase the size of at most thirty fingers .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than thirty fingers .
no duke could exist without at least six songs .
no duke could exist without more than six songs .
no dinosaur could move to at least ten windows .
no dinosaur could move to more than ten windows .
no duke can carry at most nine children .
no duke can carry fewer than nine children .
no duke could leave at most six lies .
no duke could leave fewer than six lies .
no doctor can exist without at least ten boats .
no doctor can exist without more than ten boats .
no wolf can move to at most twenty parents .
no wolf can move to fewer than twenty parents .
no duke could move to at least ten pictures .
no duke could move to more than ten pictures .
no sister can carry at least ten babies .
no sister can carry more than ten babies .
no sister can leave at least thirty eggs .
no sister can leave more than thirty eggs .
no wolf can open the door to at least twenty hands .
no wolf can open the door to more than twenty hands .
no dinosaur can carry at most one bear .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than one bear .
no duke can increase the size of at most nine dollars .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than nine dollars .
no slave can increase the size of at least nine children .
no slave can increase the size of more than nine children .
no wolf could open the door to at most nine rings .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than nine rings .
no doctor could exist without at least thirty words .
no doctor could exist without more than thirty words .
no duke could move to at most nine stories .
no duke could move to fewer than nine stories .
no sister could carry at least six fingers .
no sister could carry more than six fingers .
no sister could exist without at least nine engines .
no sister could exist without more than nine engines .
no sister can carry at least twenty calls .
no sister can carry more than twenty calls .
no doctor could move to at least ten parents .
no doctor could move to more than ten parents .
no wolf could move to at most six whales .
no wolf could move to fewer than six whales .
no boat could leave at most thirty songs .
no boat could leave fewer than thirty songs .
no doctor could catch at most nine horses .
no doctor could catch fewer than nine horses .
no duke can move to at most nine windows .
no duke can move to fewer than nine windows .
no duke could increase the size of at least six animals .
no duke could increase the size of more than six animals .
no pig can carry at least thirty days .
no pig can carry more than thirty days .
no duke could increase the size of at least twenty stands .
no duke could increase the size of more than twenty stands .
no dinosaur can move to at most ten books .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than ten books .
no doctor could leave at least thirty types .
no doctor could leave more than thirty types .
no boat could stand on top of at least six stories .
no boat could stand on top of more than six stories .
no boat could increase the size of at most twenty stands .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than twenty stands .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six rings .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six rings .
no wolf can exist without at most nine colors .
no wolf can exist without fewer than nine colors .
no pig could catch at most ten waters .
no pig could catch fewer than ten waters .
no wolf could leave at least twenty bits .
no wolf could leave more than twenty bits .
no sister could exist without at least ten windows .
no sister could exist without more than ten windows .
no wolf could catch at least ten ways .
no wolf could catch more than ten ways .
no doctor can open the door to at most thirty songs .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than thirty songs .
no wolf can increase the size of at most one parent .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than one parent .
no boat can leave at most twenty feet .
no boat can leave fewer than twenty feet .
no wolf can leave at least six arms .
no wolf can leave more than six arms .
no duke could catch at least one word .
no duke could catch more than one word .
no slave could stand on top of at least nine dogs .
no slave could stand on top of more than nine dogs .
no sister could catch at most one song .
no sister could catch fewer than one song .
no wolf can stand on top of at most six children .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than six children .
no wolf can increase the size of at most six hands .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than six hands .
no wolf can move to at least ten eggs .
no wolf can move to more than ten eggs .
no boat could stand on top of at least twenty words .
no boat could stand on top of more than twenty words .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty toys .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty toys .
no dinosaur can exist without at most twenty windows .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than twenty windows .
no doctor could open the door to at most nine engines .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than nine engines .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine boats .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine boats .
no duke could stand on top of at most nine calls .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than nine calls .
no duke could carry at most twenty guys .
no duke could carry fewer than twenty guys .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine problems .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine problems .
no boat can leave at most nine eggs .
no boat can leave fewer than nine eggs .
no dinosaur could catch at most nine differences .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than nine differences .
no pig can open the door to at least nine windows .
no pig can open the door to more than nine windows .
no sister could open the door to at most six birds .
no sister could open the door to fewer than six birds .
no pig could stand on top of at least nine boats .
no pig could stand on top of more than nine boats .
no wolf could move to at most thirty girls .
no wolf could move to fewer than thirty girls .
no slave can exist without at least twenty movies .
no slave can exist without more than twenty movies .
no doctor could leave at least ten pictures .
no doctor could leave more than ten pictures .
no duke could exist without at most twenty songs .
no duke could exist without fewer than twenty songs .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least one way .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than one way .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty lies .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty lies .
no boat can open the door to at most nine whales .
no boat can open the door to fewer than nine whales .
no slave could exist without at most thirty things .
no slave could exist without fewer than thirty things .
no wolf could exist without at most nine kings .
no wolf could exist without fewer than nine kings .
no duke can catch at least thirty whales .
no duke can catch more than thirty whales .
no sister could move to at most twenty kings .
no sister could move to fewer than twenty kings .
no slave can leave at least six types .
no slave can leave more than six types .
no duke can move to at least twenty whales .
no duke can move to more than twenty whales .
no boat can exist without at least one toy .
no boat can exist without more than one toy .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least thirty types .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than thirty types .
no boat can increase the size of at most twenty bears .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than twenty bears .
no wolf could catch at most twenty bears .
no wolf could catch fewer than twenty bears .
no duke could catch at least ten bones .
no duke could catch more than ten bones .
no pig could carry at least thirty rings .
no pig could carry more than thirty rings .
no doctor could increase the size of at most six babies .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than six babies .
no boat could increase the size of at least six babies .
no boat could increase the size of more than six babies .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine calls .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine calls .
no slave can stand on top of at least six colors .
no slave can stand on top of more than six colors .
no pig could exist without at least nine movies .
no pig could exist without more than nine movies .
no wolf could increase the size of at most one whale .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than one whale .
no doctor could increase the size of at most ten stands .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than ten stands .
no sister can leave at least one lion .
no sister can leave more than one lion .
no slave could carry at least one toy .
no slave could carry more than one toy .
no doctor can exist without at least one stand .
no doctor can exist without more than one stand .
no dinosaur can leave at most one child .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than one child .
no boat could exist without at most ten days .
no boat could exist without fewer than ten days .
no wolf could leave at least one way .
no wolf could leave more than one way .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty birds .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty birds .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine bears .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine bears .
no sister can leave at most ten boats .
no sister can leave fewer than ten boats .
no pig can carry at most six bands .
no pig can carry fewer than six bands .
no slave can leave at most twenty toys .
no slave can leave fewer than twenty toys .
no slave can leave at least thirty feet .
no slave can leave more than thirty feet .
no sister can leave at least six bears .
no sister can leave more than six bears .
no slave can catch at least six books .
no slave can catch more than six books .
no dinosaur can move to at most twenty waters .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than twenty waters .
no boat could stand on top of at most twenty types .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than twenty types .
no boat can increase the size of at most thirty differences .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than thirty differences .
no slave could catch at least thirty girls .
no slave could catch more than thirty girls .
no wolf can catch at least thirty movies .
no wolf can catch more than thirty movies .
no duke could catch at most one guy .
no duke could catch fewer than one guy .
no pig can open the door to at least ten pictures .
no pig can open the door to more than ten pictures .
no duke can move to at least twenty dollars .
no duke can move to more than twenty dollars .
no wolf can carry at most six dogs .
no wolf can carry fewer than six dogs .
no doctor could increase the size of at most six books .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than six books .
no sister can carry at most one color .
no sister can carry fewer than one color .
no doctor can carry at most six dollars .
no doctor can carry fewer than six dollars .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most twenty rings .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than twenty rings .
no duke could increase the size of at least nine boats .
no duke could increase the size of more than nine boats .
no slave could leave at most nine lies .
no slave could leave fewer than nine lies .
no slave can stand on top of at most thirty lies .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than thirty lies .
no boat can exist without at most six rings .
no boat can exist without fewer than six rings .
no pig can catch at most ten fingers .
no pig can catch fewer than ten fingers .
no slave can catch at most twenty lions .
no slave can catch fewer than twenty lions .
no sister could exist without at least one parent .
no sister could exist without more than one parent .
no boat can leave at least ten dollars .
no boat can leave more than ten dollars .
no sister can leave at most nine toys .
no sister can leave fewer than nine toys .
no pig can stand on top of at least six arms .
no pig can stand on top of more than six arms .
no wolf can stand on top of at most twenty waters .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than twenty waters .
no sister could stand on top of at most six days .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than six days .
no duke can catch at most twenty calls .
no duke can catch fewer than twenty calls .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty days .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty days .
no sister can exist without at most six stories .
no sister can exist without fewer than six stories .
no boat could open the door to at least thirty toys .
no boat could open the door to more than thirty toys .
no pig could open the door to at most nine parents .
no pig could open the door to fewer than nine parents .
no pig could exist without at least six engines .
no pig could exist without more than six engines .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most ten stars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than ten stars .
no boat can increase the size of at most nine ways .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than nine ways .
no slave can increase the size of at least six words .
no slave can increase the size of more than six words .
no wolf could exist without at most nine lies .
no wolf could exist without fewer than nine lies .
no wolf could leave at least thirty stands .
no wolf could leave more than thirty stands .
no doctor can carry at most one toy .
no doctor can carry fewer than one toy .
no wolf could leave at least twenty girls .
no wolf could leave more than twenty girls .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least one restaurant .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than one restaurant .
no pig could move to at most thirty whales .
no pig could move to fewer than thirty whales .
no duke can increase the size of at most nine bears .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than nine bears .
no wolf could open the door to at most nine windows .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than nine windows .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty lies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty lies .
no sister can open the door to at least ten parents .
no sister can open the door to more than ten parents .
no doctor can open the door to at most twenty hands .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than twenty hands .
no pig could catch at most twenty days .
no pig could catch fewer than twenty days .
no dinosaur could carry at least one king .
no dinosaur could carry more than one king .
no dinosaur can exist without at least thirty whales .
no dinosaur can exist without more than thirty whales .
no dinosaur can exist without at most one bone .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than one bone .
no boat could catch at most thirty parents .
no boat could catch fewer than thirty parents .
no boat can increase the size of at least thirty things .
no boat can increase the size of more than thirty things .
no doctor can increase the size of at least thirty dogs .
no doctor can increase the size of more than thirty dogs .
no pig could open the door to at most thirty things .
no pig could open the door to fewer than thirty things .
no doctor can exist without at most one horse .
no doctor can exist without fewer than one horse .
no boat could open the door to at most ten kings .
no boat could open the door to fewer than ten kings .
no dinosaur could move to at least thirty feet .
no dinosaur could move to more than thirty feet .
no dinosaur can carry at most nine songs .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than nine songs .
no slave could exist without at most six days .
no slave could exist without fewer than six days .
no sister can move to at least ten toys .
no sister can move to more than ten toys .
no pig could move to at least one whale .
no pig could move to more than one whale .
no pig could catch at most one foot .
no pig could catch fewer than one foot .
no sister could exist without at least thirty animals .
no sister could exist without more than thirty animals .
no duke can exist without at most one bird .
no duke can exist without fewer than one bird .
no boat could carry at least ten children .
no boat could carry more than ten children .
no pig can increase the size of at least nine pictures .
no pig can increase the size of more than nine pictures .
no dinosaur can exist without at most ten types .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than ten types .
no duke could increase the size of at most six bones .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than six bones .
no dinosaur could catch at most one minute .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than one minute .
no wolf could increase the size of at most nine bands .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than nine bands .
no sister could leave at most six ways .
no sister could leave fewer than six ways .
no doctor could exist without at most six kings .
no doctor could exist without fewer than six kings .
no doctor could move to at least one page .
no doctor could move to more than one page .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least twenty patterns .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than twenty patterns .
no duke can exist without at least nine horses .
no duke can exist without more than nine horses .
no slave could exist without at most one dog .
no slave could exist without fewer than one dog .
no doctor can move to at least twenty lies .
no doctor can move to more than twenty lies .
no wolf could open the door to at least nine ways .
no wolf could open the door to more than nine ways .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine lions .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine lions .
no duke can carry at least twenty patterns .
no duke can carry more than twenty patterns .
no pig can catch at most nine engines .
no pig can catch fewer than nine engines .
no sister could catch at most thirty feet .
no sister could catch fewer than thirty feet .
no sister can catch at most six kings .
no sister can catch fewer than six kings .
no wolf could open the door to at most ten lies .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than ten lies .
no wolf can catch at least six minutes .
no wolf can catch more than six minutes .
no duke could leave at most nine eggs .
no duke could leave fewer than nine eggs .
no sister can catch at least twenty songs .
no sister can catch more than twenty songs .
no boat can open the door to at most twenty parents .
no boat can open the door to fewer than twenty parents .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most twenty bits .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than twenty bits .
no slave could leave at most twenty children .
no slave could leave fewer than twenty children .
no doctor could open the door to at least twenty toys .
no doctor could open the door to more than twenty toys .
no boat could stand on top of at least ten whales .
no boat could stand on top of more than ten whales .
no slave could exist without at most one egg .
no slave could exist without fewer than one egg .
no boat could carry at most six dogs .
no boat could carry fewer than six dogs .
no boat can carry at most thirty children .
no boat can carry fewer than thirty children .
no duke can increase the size of at least six words .
no duke can increase the size of more than six words .
no doctor can carry at most nine animals .
no doctor can carry fewer than nine animals .
no wolf can exist without at most one type .
no wolf can exist without fewer than one type .
no wolf could move to at least thirty restaurants .
no wolf could move to more than thirty restaurants .
no slave can exist without at least ten animals .
no slave can exist without more than ten animals .
no sister can move to at most six birds .
no sister can move to fewer than six birds .
no slave could move to at most thirty horses .
no slave could move to fewer than thirty horses .
no slave can move to at most ten babies .
no slave can move to fewer than ten babies .
no pig could carry at least twenty kings .
no pig could carry more than twenty kings .
no pig can stand on top of at least thirty ways .
no pig can stand on top of more than thirty ways .
no slave could catch at least twenty birds .
no slave could catch more than twenty birds .
no sister could open the door to at least thirty stars .
no sister could open the door to more than thirty stars .
no pig can move to at most six waters .
no pig can move to fewer than six waters .
no sister could exist without at most thirty animals .
no sister could exist without fewer than thirty animals .
no duke could move to at least nine eggs .
no duke could move to more than nine eggs .
no pig could exist without at least six arms .
no pig could exist without more than six arms .
no duke can leave at least twenty children .
no duke can leave more than twenty children .
no wolf can carry at least twenty things .
no wolf can carry more than twenty things .
no slave could carry at least twenty waters .
no slave could carry more than twenty waters .
no duke could stand on top of at most six stories .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than six stories .
no wolf could open the door to at least one foot .
no wolf could open the door to more than one foot .
no boat could exist without at most six boats .
no boat could exist without fewer than six boats .
no pig could increase the size of at least thirty calls .
no pig could increase the size of more than thirty calls .
no sister can carry at least ten hands .
no sister can carry more than ten hands .
no sister can catch at most ten children .
no sister can catch fewer than ten children .
no boat could catch at least thirty babies .
no boat could catch more than thirty babies .
no pig can leave at least six movies .
no pig can leave more than six movies .
no doctor can exist without at least twenty ways .
no doctor can exist without more than twenty ways .
no pig can move to at least six whales .
no pig can move to more than six whales .
no boat could catch at most twenty hands .
no boat could catch fewer than twenty hands .
no pig can move to at least twenty whales .
no pig can move to more than twenty whales .
no dinosaur could move to at least ten things .
no dinosaur could move to more than ten things .
no sister can catch at least one water .
no sister can catch more than one water .
no pig can increase the size of at least thirty ways .
no pig can increase the size of more than thirty ways .
no slave could catch at least twenty pictures .
no slave could catch more than twenty pictures .
no wolf could stand on top of at most one movie .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than one movie .
no duke could open the door to at most twenty lies .
no duke could open the door to fewer than twenty lies .
no dinosaur can catch at least twenty words .
no dinosaur can catch more than twenty words .
no pig could exist without at least six toys .
no pig could exist without more than six toys .
no sister can exist without at least thirty eggs .
no sister can exist without more than thirty eggs .
no duke could move to at most twenty whales .
no duke could move to fewer than twenty whales .
no duke could move to at most twenty days .
no duke could move to fewer than twenty days .
no wolf could catch at most one egg .
no wolf could catch fewer than one egg .
no wolf can increase the size of at least six words .
no wolf can increase the size of more than six words .
no duke can increase the size of at most nine types .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than nine types .
no wolf can increase the size of at least twenty rings .
no wolf can increase the size of more than twenty rings .
no boat can leave at least nine dollars .
no boat can leave more than nine dollars .
no boat could catch at least one water .
no boat could catch more than one water .
no boat can carry at least thirty parents .
no boat can carry more than thirty parents .
no boat can exist without at least six bits .
no boat can exist without more than six bits .
no duke can exist without at least six guys .
no duke can exist without more than six guys .
no pig could exist without at least one star .
no pig could exist without more than one star .
no doctor can stand on top of at least one baby .
no doctor can stand on top of more than one baby .
no pig could exist without at most nine restaurants .
no pig could exist without fewer than nine restaurants .
no slave could leave at most thirty birds .
no slave could leave fewer than thirty birds .
no doctor could carry at least thirty girls .
no doctor could carry more than thirty girls .
no doctor can stand on top of at most six things .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than six things .
no pig can increase the size of at least six stories .
no pig can increase the size of more than six stories .
no duke could open the door to at most six differences .
no duke could open the door to fewer than six differences .
no sister can catch at most nine pages .
no sister can catch fewer than nine pages .
no doctor can move to at most six problems .
no doctor can move to fewer than six problems .
no sister can carry at most one water .
no sister can carry fewer than one water .
no boat can exist without at most one pattern .
no boat can exist without fewer than one pattern .
no wolf could open the door to at most ten girls .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than ten girls .
no duke could increase the size of at most thirty arms .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than thirty arms .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least nine bears .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than nine bears .
no pig can open the door to at most ten children .
no pig can open the door to fewer than ten children .
no dinosaur can leave at least ten things .
no dinosaur can leave more than ten things .
no sister can catch at least ten patterns .
no sister can catch more than ten patterns .
no dinosaur can leave at most ten birds .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than ten birds .
no sister can open the door to at least thirty cars .
no sister can open the door to more than thirty cars .
no pig can leave at least twenty colors .
no pig can leave more than twenty colors .
no dinosaur can exist without at least nine rings .
no dinosaur can exist without more than nine rings .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least ten toys .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than ten toys .
no wolf could move to at least ten stories .
no wolf could move to more than ten stories .
no sister can move to at most twenty waters .
no sister can move to fewer than twenty waters .
no wolf can stand on top of at least six pages .
no wolf can stand on top of more than six pages .
no wolf could exist without at most thirty babies .
no wolf could exist without fewer than thirty babies .
no sister can increase the size of at most six patterns .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than six patterns .
no dinosaur can leave at least thirty movies .
no dinosaur can leave more than thirty movies .
no sister can stand on top of at least one thing .
no sister can stand on top of more than one thing .
no doctor could move to at most one minute .
no doctor could move to fewer than one minute .
no pig could exist without at least one baby .
no pig could exist without more than one baby .
no pig can exist without at least twenty things .
no pig can exist without more than twenty things .
no doctor can move to at least one horse .
no doctor can move to more than one horse .
no dinosaur can carry at most twenty whales .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than twenty whales .
no duke can exist without at least nine babies .
no duke can exist without more than nine babies .
no doctor can leave at most six lions .
no doctor can leave fewer than six lions .
no dinosaur could exist without at least thirty windows .
no dinosaur could exist without more than thirty windows .
no doctor can increase the size of at least thirty horses .
no doctor can increase the size of more than thirty horses .
no wolf can open the door to at least thirty kings .
no wolf can open the door to more than thirty kings .
no pig can exist without at least six bands .
no pig can exist without more than six bands .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least thirty parents .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than thirty parents .
no boat could stand on top of at least one whale .
no boat could stand on top of more than one whale .
no doctor could exist without at least twenty movies .
no doctor could exist without more than twenty movies .
no doctor could increase the size of at most nine calls .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than nine calls .
no sister could carry at least ten windows .
no sister could carry more than ten windows .
no duke could leave at least thirty songs .
no duke could leave more than thirty songs .
no doctor could open the door to at most one difference .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than one difference .
no pig could leave at most nine parents .
no pig could leave fewer than nine parents .
no boat could leave at least nine rings .
no boat could leave more than nine rings .
no duke could open the door to at least ten horses .
no duke could open the door to more than ten horses .
no sister could increase the size of at least twenty whales .
no sister could increase the size of more than twenty whales .
no pig can increase the size of at most six stars .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than six stars .
no slave could stand on top of at most nine birds .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than nine birds .
no boat could stand on top of at least ten patterns .
no boat could stand on top of more than ten patterns .
no wolf could stand on top of at least thirty ways .
no wolf could stand on top of more than thirty ways .
no pig could move to at most ten pictures .
no pig could move to fewer than ten pictures .
no sister could carry at most six minutes .
no sister could carry fewer than six minutes .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten bits .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten bits .
no sister can open the door to at least thirty girls .
no sister can open the door to more than thirty girls .
no slave can increase the size of at most nine differences .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than nine differences .
no doctor can move to at most nine calls .
no doctor can move to fewer than nine calls .
no duke can leave at least ten bones .
no duke can leave more than ten bones .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least thirty cars .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than thirty cars .
no doctor can increase the size of at least thirty colors .
no doctor can increase the size of more than thirty colors .
no pig can carry at most thirty stands .
no pig can carry fewer than thirty stands .
no boat can leave at most thirty calls .
no boat can leave fewer than thirty calls .
no sister can increase the size of at most twenty children .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than twenty children .
no duke could carry at most ten words .
no duke could carry fewer than ten words .
no slave can catch at least thirty movies .
no slave can catch more than thirty movies .
no wolf could open the door to at most one ring .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than one ring .
no boat could leave at most twenty babies .
no boat could leave fewer than twenty babies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least nine eggs .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than nine eggs .
no slave can increase the size of at most nine ways .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than nine ways .
no wolf could stand on top of at most one boat .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than one boat .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most nine words .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than nine words .
no duke could increase the size of at least twenty pictures .
no duke could increase the size of more than twenty pictures .
no wolf could carry at most ten movies .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten movies .
no wolf could open the door to at least one song .
no wolf could open the door to more than one song .
no boat can move to at least one pattern .
no boat can move to more than one pattern .
no dinosaur can leave at least one dollar .
no dinosaur can leave more than one dollar .
no slave could increase the size of at least thirty pictures .
no slave could increase the size of more than thirty pictures .
no duke can carry at most thirty animals .
no duke can carry fewer than thirty animals .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least thirty eggs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than thirty eggs .
no duke can leave at most ten engines .
no duke can leave fewer than ten engines .
no wolf could open the door to at most thirty dogs .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than thirty dogs .
no pig could stand on top of at most one lie .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one lie .
no sister could move to at most six colors .
no sister could move to fewer than six colors .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten words .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten words .
no sister could stand on top of at least ten days .
no sister could stand on top of more than ten days .
no slave could leave at least thirty minutes .
no slave could leave more than thirty minutes .
no dinosaur can catch at most twenty bands .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than twenty bands .
no boat can catch at most nine babies .
no boat can catch fewer than nine babies .
no sister can increase the size of at most six guys .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than six guys .
no pig can catch at least nine stars .
no pig can catch more than nine stars .
no boat can move to at least one engine .
no boat can move to more than one engine .
no dinosaur could carry at most one dog .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than one dog .
no pig can increase the size of at least twenty bits .
no pig can increase the size of more than twenty bits .
no wolf can leave at most one bird .
no wolf can leave fewer than one bird .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most nine waters .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than nine waters .
no boat could leave at least one bear .
no boat could leave more than one bear .
no slave could exist without at most nine hands .
no slave could exist without fewer than nine hands .
no sister can increase the size of at least thirty things .
no sister can increase the size of more than thirty things .
no wolf can move to at least twenty colors .
no wolf can move to more than twenty colors .
no slave could stand on top of at least one stand .
no slave could stand on top of more than one stand .
no doctor could leave at most nine fingers .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine fingers .
no doctor could leave at most six stands .
no doctor could leave fewer than six stands .
no wolf can exist without at most nine dollars .
no wolf can exist without fewer than nine dollars .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty bits .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty bits .
no duke can open the door to at most thirty days .
no duke can open the door to fewer than thirty days .
no dinosaur could carry at least ten hands .
no dinosaur could carry more than ten hands .
no duke could exist without at least ten patterns .
no duke could exist without more than ten patterns .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least thirty girls .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than thirty girls .
no duke could stand on top of at most twenty arms .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty arms .
no doctor can stand on top of at most twenty feet .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than twenty feet .
no sister could increase the size of at most one day .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than one day .
no boat can exist without at least ten arms .
no boat can exist without more than ten arms .
no doctor can open the door to at most nine birds .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than nine birds .
no duke could move to at most twenty rings .
no duke could move to fewer than twenty rings .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most nine feet .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than nine feet .
no duke can increase the size of at most thirty types .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than thirty types .
no slave could stand on top of at most one color .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than one color .
no pig could increase the size of at least twenty minutes .
no pig could increase the size of more than twenty minutes .
no boat can exist without at most nine restaurants .
no boat can exist without fewer than nine restaurants .
no doctor could exist without at least nine ways .
no doctor could exist without more than nine ways .
no boat could carry at least thirty stars .
no boat could carry more than thirty stars .
no slave could exist without at most twenty ways .
no slave could exist without fewer than twenty ways .
no duke can catch at least twenty restaurants .
no duke can catch more than twenty restaurants .
no slave can leave at least one page .
no slave can leave more than one page .
no slave could move to at least thirty restaurants .
no slave could move to more than thirty restaurants .
no duke can move to at least six babies .
no duke can move to more than six babies .
no doctor can increase the size of at least one star .
no doctor can increase the size of more than one star .
no wolf could carry at least twenty children .
no wolf could carry more than twenty children .
no pig can move to at most ten stands .
no pig can move to fewer than ten stands .
no pig could stand on top of at least nine rings .
no pig could stand on top of more than nine rings .
no sister could increase the size of at most thirty words .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than thirty words .
no duke can move to at least twenty songs .
no duke can move to more than twenty songs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least nine stands .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than nine stands .
no duke can catch at most six toys .
no duke can catch fewer than six toys .
no pig can stand on top of at least twenty children .
no pig can stand on top of more than twenty children .
no pig can open the door to at least thirty parents .
no pig can open the door to more than thirty parents .
no wolf could stand on top of at least thirty bones .
no wolf could stand on top of more than thirty bones .
no wolf could open the door to at least one baby .
no wolf could open the door to more than one baby .
no duke could catch at least twenty restaurants .
no duke could catch more than twenty restaurants .
no sister could leave at most twenty books .
no sister could leave fewer than twenty books .
no wolf can leave at most ten songs .
no wolf can leave fewer than ten songs .
no duke can carry at most one book .
no duke can carry fewer than one book .
no boat could exist without at most six days .
no boat could exist without fewer than six days .
no boat can stand on top of at most one call .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than one call .
no pig can exist without at least twenty bears .
no pig can exist without more than twenty bears .
no doctor could carry at least thirty problems .
no doctor could carry more than thirty problems .
no doctor could move to at most twenty words .
no doctor could move to fewer than twenty words .
no slave could leave at most ten toys .
no slave could leave fewer than ten toys .
no doctor can open the door to at most ten dogs .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than ten dogs .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty patterns .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty patterns .
no sister could exist without at most thirty bits .
no sister could exist without fewer than thirty bits .
no duke could stand on top of at least one foot .
no duke could stand on top of more than one foot .
no duke can increase the size of at least six engines .
no duke can increase the size of more than six engines .
no slave can stand on top of at least thirty parents .
no slave can stand on top of more than thirty parents .
no wolf can increase the size of at most thirty stories .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than thirty stories .
no boat could carry at least six problems .
no boat could carry more than six problems .
no dinosaur could leave at most six lies .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six lies .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most ten lies .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than ten lies .
no boat can stand on top of at most twenty songs .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than twenty songs .
no doctor could move to at least six bands .
no doctor could move to more than six bands .
no boat can stand on top of at most twenty dogs .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than twenty dogs .
no doctor can leave at most nine books .
no doctor can leave fewer than nine books .
no sister could increase the size of at least six lies .
no sister could increase the size of more than six lies .
no slave could open the door to at most thirty children .
no slave could open the door to fewer than thirty children .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most six ways .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than six ways .
no wolf can increase the size of at most six children .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than six children .
no wolf could stand on top of at most one book .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than one book .
no sister can leave at least ten things .
no sister can leave more than ten things .
no boat can move to at most thirty colors .
no boat can move to fewer than thirty colors .
no boat could catch at most nine movies .
no boat could catch fewer than nine movies .
no wolf can stand on top of at least six rings .
no wolf can stand on top of more than six rings .
no boat could catch at least twenty lies .
no boat could catch more than twenty lies .
no wolf can leave at least ten dollars .
no wolf can leave more than ten dollars .
no doctor can exist without at least ten arms .
no doctor can exist without more than ten arms .
no dinosaur can leave at most one bone .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than one bone .
no duke can carry at least ten cars .
no duke can carry more than ten cars .
no sister can move to at most nine feet .
no sister can move to fewer than nine feet .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six dogs .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six dogs .
no slave could move to at most one car .
no slave could move to fewer than one car .
no doctor could increase the size of at least nine stands .
no doctor could increase the size of more than nine stands .
no pig could open the door to at most six arms .
no pig could open the door to fewer than six arms .
no wolf can leave at least thirty dogs .
no wolf can leave more than thirty dogs .
no slave can increase the size of at most ten whales .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than ten whales .
no doctor can open the door to at most ten differences .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than ten differences .
no pig could move to at most one car .
no pig could move to fewer than one car .
no doctor can open the door to at most one pattern .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than one pattern .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine problems .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine problems .
no doctor can exist without at most six rings .
no doctor can exist without fewer than six rings .
no doctor can exist without at most ten boats .
no doctor can exist without fewer than ten boats .
no wolf can move to at least thirty bits .
no wolf can move to more than thirty bits .
no boat could carry at most nine days .
no boat could carry fewer than nine days .
no wolf could open the door to at most twenty patterns .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than twenty patterns .
no wolf could stand on top of at least ten hands .
no wolf could stand on top of more than ten hands .
no sister can carry at least one minute .
no sister can carry more than one minute .
no dinosaur could leave at least nine dollars .
no dinosaur could leave more than nine dollars .
no boat can open the door to at most nine pages .
no boat can open the door to fewer than nine pages .
no boat can open the door to at least thirty days .
no boat can open the door to more than thirty days .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six ways .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six ways .
no wolf can catch at least one ring .
no wolf can catch more than one ring .
no boat can leave at most nine animals .
no boat can leave fewer than nine animals .
no wolf can move to at least thirty parents .
no wolf can move to more than thirty parents .
no dinosaur can carry at most one guy .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than one guy .
no boat can leave at most six dogs .
no boat can leave fewer than six dogs .
no doctor could open the door to at most twenty lions .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than twenty lions .
no slave could stand on top of at least six stands .
no slave could stand on top of more than six stands .
no sister can catch at least nine dollars .
no sister can catch more than nine dollars .
no duke can leave at least twenty dollars .
no duke can leave more than twenty dollars .
no doctor could carry at least ten dogs .
no doctor could carry more than ten dogs .
no duke can move to at least ten bears .
no duke can move to more than ten bears .
no pig could stand on top of at least ten stands .
no pig could stand on top of more than ten stands .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least six stories .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than six stories .
no slave could move to at least six horses .
no slave could move to more than six horses .
no sister could catch at least nine things .
no sister could catch more than nine things .
no duke can stand on top of at least twenty girls .
no duke can stand on top of more than twenty girls .
no duke can stand on top of at most nine days .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than nine days .
no boat could move to at most nine hands .
no boat could move to fewer than nine hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten days .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten days .
no duke can exist without at most ten guys .
no duke can exist without fewer than ten guys .
no boat could leave at least thirty differences .
no boat could leave more than thirty differences .
no dinosaur can move to at least one restaurant .
no dinosaur can move to more than one restaurant .
no duke could increase the size of at most six words .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than six words .
no doctor can carry at least six arms .
no doctor can carry more than six arms .
no boat could increase the size of at most one girl .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than one girl .
no sister can carry at least twenty things .
no sister can carry more than twenty things .
no wolf could increase the size of at most one movie .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than one movie .
no wolf can leave at most twenty colors .
no wolf can leave fewer than twenty colors .
no boat can increase the size of at least thirty lies .
no boat can increase the size of more than thirty lies .
no duke could move to at least one arm .
no duke could move to more than one arm .
no boat could catch at most nine bands .
no boat could catch fewer than nine bands .
no boat can move to at least six problems .
no boat can move to more than six problems .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one toy .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one toy .
no pig could move to at most nine minutes .
no pig could move to fewer than nine minutes .
no slave can stand on top of at most six rings .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six rings .
no pig could exist without at least thirty rings .
no pig could exist without more than thirty rings .
no doctor could increase the size of at least nine girls .
no doctor could increase the size of more than nine girls .
no duke could leave at least nine restaurants .
no duke could leave more than nine restaurants .
no doctor could increase the size of at most six problems .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than six problems .
no pig could increase the size of at least six birds .
no pig could increase the size of more than six birds .
no doctor could leave at least ten children .
no doctor could leave more than ten children .
no sister could exist without at least ten stands .
no sister could exist without more than ten stands .
no dinosaur can leave at most twenty rings .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than twenty rings .
no doctor can move to at most nine rings .
no doctor can move to fewer than nine rings .
no slave could leave at least thirty songs .
no slave could leave more than thirty songs .
no boat could move to at least one bit .
no boat could move to more than one bit .
no dinosaur could move to at most ten lies .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than ten lies .
no boat could stand on top of at most twenty toys .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than twenty toys .
no wolf could stand on top of at most nine waters .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than nine waters .
no slave can carry at most six books .
no slave can carry fewer than six books .
no sister could catch at least six bears .
no sister could catch more than six bears .
no sister could leave at most thirty things .
no sister could leave fewer than thirty things .
no boat could increase the size of at most thirty words .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than thirty words .
no duke can move to at most six ways .
no duke can move to fewer than six ways .
no sister can leave at least one dollar .
no sister can leave more than one dollar .
no sister can open the door to at most nine pictures .
no sister can open the door to fewer than nine pictures .
no dinosaur can exist without at least six stars .
no dinosaur can exist without more than six stars .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least one word .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than one word .
no boat can move to at most six bears .
no boat can move to fewer than six bears .
no sister can catch at least nine bears .
no sister can catch more than nine bears .
no pig can carry at most thirty pages .
no pig can carry fewer than thirty pages .
no sister can catch at least nine things .
no sister can catch more than nine things .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty waters .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty waters .
no boat could exist without at least twenty colors .
no boat could exist without more than twenty colors .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten babies .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten babies .
no sister can exist without at least six stands .
no sister can exist without more than six stands .
no sister can exist without at most nine types .
no sister can exist without fewer than nine types .
no doctor can move to at most nine boats .
no doctor can move to fewer than nine boats .
no boat can move to at most one minute .
no boat can move to fewer than one minute .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six dogs .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six dogs .
no duke can move to at least twenty lions .
no duke can move to more than twenty lions .
no pig can leave at least six hands .
no pig can leave more than six hands .
no boat could catch at least nine minutes .
no boat could catch more than nine minutes .
no doctor can carry at least nine arms .
no doctor can carry more than nine arms .
no slave can open the door to at most twenty windows .
no slave can open the door to fewer than twenty windows .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least thirty guys .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than thirty guys .
no duke can open the door to at least twenty animals .
no duke can open the door to more than twenty animals .
no doctor could increase the size of at most six feet .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than six feet .
no doctor could move to at most one lie .
no doctor could move to fewer than one lie .
no duke can exist without at least ten pages .
no duke can exist without more than ten pages .
no sister can open the door to at most one foot .
no sister can open the door to fewer than one foot .
no duke can increase the size of at most one day .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than one day .
no wolf could move to at most twenty bears .
no wolf could move to fewer than twenty bears .
no sister can stand on top of at most ten toys .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than ten toys .
no doctor can move to at most thirty cars .
no doctor can move to fewer than thirty cars .
no boat can exist without at least six books .
no boat can exist without more than six books .
no wolf could catch at least six hands .
no wolf could catch more than six hands .
no boat could carry at least six engines .
no boat could carry more than six engines .
no slave could carry at most thirty feet .
no slave could carry fewer than thirty feet .
no wolf could leave at least twenty eggs .
no wolf could leave more than twenty eggs .
no boat can increase the size of at most twenty days .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than twenty days .
no duke could open the door to at least thirty books .
no duke could open the door to more than thirty books .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine windows .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine windows .
no pig can increase the size of at most six patterns .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than six patterns .
no dinosaur can exist without at least twenty toys .
no dinosaur can exist without more than twenty toys .
no wolf can leave at least one ring .
no wolf can leave more than one ring .
no doctor could open the door to at most ten guys .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than ten guys .
no dinosaur could exist without at most ten types .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than ten types .
no wolf could catch at most thirty pages .
no wolf could catch fewer than thirty pages .
no sister can catch at least nine stands .
no sister can catch more than nine stands .
no duke can carry at least thirty whales .
no duke can carry more than thirty whales .
no duke can move to at most twenty waters .
no duke can move to fewer than twenty waters .
no pig can move to at least one restaurant .
no pig can move to more than one restaurant .
no doctor can move to at most thirty waters .
no doctor can move to fewer than thirty waters .
no duke can open the door to at least thirty calls .
no duke can open the door to more than thirty calls .
no duke could exist without at most thirty guys .
no duke could exist without fewer than thirty guys .
no pig could stand on top of at least ten bits .
no pig could stand on top of more than ten bits .
no boat could move to at least six bones .
no boat could move to more than six bones .
no slave can exist without at least six restaurants .
no slave can exist without more than six restaurants .
no duke could exist without at most twenty rings .
no duke could exist without fewer than twenty rings .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten hands .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten hands .
no doctor can increase the size of at least nine horses .
no doctor can increase the size of more than nine horses .
no wolf can leave at most nine restaurants .
no wolf can leave fewer than nine restaurants .
no wolf can leave at most thirty songs .
no wolf can leave fewer than thirty songs .
no duke can carry at most ten colors .
no duke can carry fewer than ten colors .
no pig can move to at least twenty problems .
no pig can move to more than twenty problems .
no dinosaur could carry at least thirty birds .
no dinosaur could carry more than thirty birds .
no slave can stand on top of at least ten hands .
no slave can stand on top of more than ten hands .
no doctor could catch at most nine minutes .
no doctor could catch fewer than nine minutes .
no doctor can open the door to at least one hand .
no doctor can open the door to more than one hand .
no boat can open the door to at least twenty stories .
no boat can open the door to more than twenty stories .
no pig could catch at least six days .
no pig could catch more than six days .
no doctor could move to at least ten engines .
no doctor could move to more than ten engines .
no doctor could leave at least nine eggs .
no doctor could leave more than nine eggs .
no wolf can open the door to at most six colors .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than six colors .
no slave can carry at least six kings .
no slave can carry more than six kings .
no duke can catch at least nine pictures .
no duke can catch more than nine pictures .
no sister can open the door to at most one difference .
no sister can open the door to fewer than one difference .
no duke could open the door to at least nine movies .
no duke could open the door to more than nine movies .
no slave could exist without at least twenty dogs .
no slave could exist without more than twenty dogs .
no slave could leave at least thirty stories .
no slave could leave more than thirty stories .
no boat can stand on top of at most six eggs .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than six eggs .
no dinosaur can move to at least twenty pages .
no dinosaur can move to more than twenty pages .
no doctor can carry at least nine fingers .
no doctor can carry more than nine fingers .
no slave can stand on top of at least twenty engines .
no slave can stand on top of more than twenty engines .
no dinosaur can move to at most thirty patterns .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than thirty patterns .
no sister can exist without at least nine cars .
no sister can exist without more than nine cars .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six waters .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six waters .
no wolf could carry at most twenty problems .
no wolf could carry fewer than twenty problems .
no slave could carry at most six calls .
no slave could carry fewer than six calls .
no boat could leave at least twenty ways .
no boat could leave more than twenty ways .
no slave can leave at most twenty parents .
no slave can leave fewer than twenty parents .
no doctor could increase the size of at least thirty calls .
no doctor could increase the size of more than thirty calls .
no sister can catch at least ten minutes .
no sister can catch more than ten minutes .
no slave could exist without at least nine dollars .
no slave could exist without more than nine dollars .
no sister could move to at most thirty calls .
no sister could move to fewer than thirty calls .
no sister could exist without at most twenty pages .
no sister could exist without fewer than twenty pages .
no wolf could leave at least nine types .
no wolf could leave more than nine types .
no duke could catch at most twenty things .
no duke could catch fewer than twenty things .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten restaurants .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten restaurants .
no wolf could catch at most one horse .
no wolf could catch fewer than one horse .
no boat can carry at least six feet .
no boat can carry more than six feet .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty stands .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty stands .
no dinosaur can exist without at most nine stars .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than nine stars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most one way .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than one way .
no duke can move to at most twenty eggs .
no duke can move to fewer than twenty eggs .
no duke could stand on top of at least twenty dollars .
no duke could stand on top of more than twenty dollars .
no slave could exist without at least nine pictures .
no slave could exist without more than nine pictures .
no wolf could stand on top of at most twenty dogs .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than twenty dogs .
no dinosaur could carry at least one whale .
no dinosaur could carry more than one whale .
no doctor could carry at most six pages .
no doctor could carry fewer than six pages .
no dinosaur could exist without at most six minutes .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than six minutes .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most twenty guys .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than twenty guys .
no duke can leave at most twenty movies .
no duke can leave fewer than twenty movies .
no duke can leave at least twenty bands .
no duke can leave more than twenty bands .
no dinosaur could exist without at least six things .
no dinosaur could exist without more than six things .
no boat can stand on top of at least ten guys .
no boat can stand on top of more than ten guys .
no sister could leave at most ten calls .
no sister could leave fewer than ten calls .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine guys .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine guys .
no dinosaur can catch at least thirty stories .
no dinosaur can catch more than thirty stories .
no sister can stand on top of at least one engine .
no sister can stand on top of more than one engine .
no wolf could stand on top of at most twenty whales .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than twenty whales .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least six whales .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than six whales .
no pig can stand on top of at least twenty whales .
no pig can stand on top of more than twenty whales .
no wolf can leave at least thirty whales .
no wolf can leave more than thirty whales .
no sister could open the door to at least nine pages .
no sister could open the door to more than nine pages .
no boat can open the door to at most ten waters .
no boat can open the door to fewer than ten waters .
no duke could open the door to at most thirty stories .
no duke could open the door to fewer than thirty stories .
no sister can carry at least six windows .
no sister can carry more than six windows .
no boat could catch at least thirty dogs .
no boat could catch more than thirty dogs .
no doctor can leave at least twenty minutes .
no doctor can leave more than twenty minutes .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten bands .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten bands .
no slave can increase the size of at most one star .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than one star .
no wolf can move to at least nine stars .
no wolf can move to more than nine stars .
no boat can catch at most thirty girls .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty girls .
no pig can open the door to at most twenty animals .
no pig can open the door to fewer than twenty animals .
no dinosaur could carry at most thirty differences .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than thirty differences .
no wolf could carry at least twenty bands .
no wolf could carry more than twenty bands .
no slave can increase the size of at least twenty guys .
no slave can increase the size of more than twenty guys .
no sister can stand on top of at most thirty pictures .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than thirty pictures .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty arms .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty arms .
no wolf can stand on top of at least six colors .
no wolf can stand on top of more than six colors .
no slave could open the door to at least nine patterns .
no slave could open the door to more than nine patterns .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least nine differences .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than nine differences .
no sister could stand on top of at least twenty stories .
no sister could stand on top of more than twenty stories .
no duke can exist without at least ten boats .
no duke can exist without more than ten boats .
no slave could increase the size of at least twenty things .
no slave could increase the size of more than twenty things .
no wolf could carry at least nine ways .
no wolf could carry more than nine ways .
no sister could catch at most nine rings .
no sister could catch fewer than nine rings .
no doctor can open the door to at most one toy .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than one toy .
no boat can exist without at most twenty parents .
no boat can exist without fewer than twenty parents .
no pig can exist without at least twenty pictures .
no pig can exist without more than twenty pictures .
no pig could exist without at least thirty whales .
no pig could exist without more than thirty whales .
no sister can move to at least nine fingers .
no sister can move to more than nine fingers .
no pig could open the door to at least one restaurant .
no pig could open the door to more than one restaurant .
no pig can stand on top of at most six ways .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than six ways .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty words .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty words .
no boat could catch at most six differences .
no boat could catch fewer than six differences .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six calls .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six calls .
no boat could carry at most nine types .
no boat could carry fewer than nine types .
no sister can open the door to at most twenty lies .
no sister can open the door to fewer than twenty lies .
no duke could open the door to at least one bone .
no duke could open the door to more than one bone .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine boats .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine boats .
no doctor could stand on top of at least six days .
no doctor could stand on top of more than six days .
no duke could catch at least nine stories .
no duke could catch more than nine stories .
no sister could carry at most ten bits .
no sister could carry fewer than ten bits .
no boat could stand on top of at most six patterns .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than six patterns .
no wolf could catch at least nine bears .
no wolf could catch more than nine bears .
no sister can catch at least ten whales .
no sister can catch more than ten whales .
no sister can leave at least twenty guys .
no sister can leave more than twenty guys .
no wolf could exist without at most nine differences .
no wolf could exist without fewer than nine differences .
no dinosaur could catch at least thirty bands .
no dinosaur could catch more than thirty bands .
no wolf can leave at most twenty boats .
no wolf can leave fewer than twenty boats .
no dinosaur can exist without at least twenty eggs .
no dinosaur can exist without more than twenty eggs .
no slave can catch at least six days .
no slave can catch more than six days .
no boat could move to at most ten calls .
no boat could move to fewer than ten calls .
no slave can stand on top of at least six problems .
no slave can stand on top of more than six problems .
no doctor could open the door to at least six calls .
no doctor could open the door to more than six calls .
no slave can open the door to at least twenty songs .
no slave can open the door to more than twenty songs .
no slave can increase the size of at least one boat .
no slave can increase the size of more than one boat .
no wolf can open the door to at most ten boats .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than ten boats .
no duke can leave at least six days .
no duke can leave more than six days .
no dinosaur could move to at least twenty lions .
no dinosaur could move to more than twenty lions .
no pig can catch at least six days .
no pig can catch more than six days .
no sister could catch at least nine guys .
no sister could catch more than nine guys .
no sister can leave at least thirty dollars .
no sister can leave more than thirty dollars .
no slave can open the door to at most nine whales .
no slave can open the door to fewer than nine whales .
no boat could catch at most six horses .
no boat could catch fewer than six horses .
no doctor could catch at most ten parents .
no doctor could catch fewer than ten parents .
no doctor could leave at most twenty stories .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty stories .
no duke could stand on top of at least one window .
no duke could stand on top of more than one window .
no duke could open the door to at least one page .
no duke could open the door to more than one page .
no pig can move to at least six dollars .
no pig can move to more than six dollars .
no slave could carry at most thirty bands .
no slave could carry fewer than thirty bands .
no wolf could catch at most twenty parents .
no wolf could catch fewer than twenty parents .
no duke could increase the size of at least twenty differences .
no duke could increase the size of more than twenty differences .
no wolf could catch at least twenty kings .
no wolf could catch more than twenty kings .
no wolf could leave at least thirty differences .
no wolf could leave more than thirty differences .
no wolf could leave at least thirty arms .
no wolf could leave more than thirty arms .
no dinosaur could leave at least one toy .
no dinosaur could leave more than one toy .
no wolf could carry at most one song .
no wolf could carry fewer than one song .
no dinosaur could leave at least six pages .
no dinosaur could leave more than six pages .
no duke could exist without at most thirty lions .
no duke could exist without fewer than thirty lions .
no pig could increase the size of at least twenty whales .
no pig could increase the size of more than twenty whales .
no slave can carry at most nine differences .
no slave can carry fewer than nine differences .
no duke can catch at least ten horses .
no duke can catch more than ten horses .
no wolf could open the door to at most one day .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than one day .
no wolf could move to at least nine bits .
no wolf could move to more than nine bits .
no dinosaur could catch at most twenty guys .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than twenty guys .
no wolf can catch at least six lions .
no wolf can catch more than six lions .
no duke could increase the size of at most one boat .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than one boat .
no duke could leave at least one lion .
no duke could leave more than one lion .
no slave can increase the size of at most nine parents .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than nine parents .
no pig could carry at least ten hands .
no pig could carry more than ten hands .
no boat can carry at least thirty whales .
no boat can carry more than thirty whales .
no boat can increase the size of at least thirty girls .
no boat can increase the size of more than thirty girls .
no boat can open the door to at most one song .
no boat can open the door to fewer than one song .
no pig could open the door to at most twenty boats .
no pig could open the door to fewer than twenty boats .
no sister could exist without at least ten stars .
no sister could exist without more than ten stars .
no doctor can stand on top of at most twenty restaurants .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than twenty restaurants .
no doctor can stand on top of at least six arms .
no doctor can stand on top of more than six arms .
no doctor could leave at least six problems .
no doctor could leave more than six problems .
no pig can exist without at most one toy .
no pig can exist without fewer than one toy .
no doctor could catch at least six pages .
no doctor could catch more than six pages .
no pig can carry at most ten songs .
no pig can carry fewer than ten songs .
no doctor can open the door to at least ten movies .
no doctor can open the door to more than ten movies .
no wolf can increase the size of at least six animals .
no wolf can increase the size of more than six animals .
no slave can open the door to at least six eggs .
no slave can open the door to more than six eggs .
no doctor could carry at most thirty stories .
no doctor could carry fewer than thirty stories .
no doctor can leave at most six guys .
no doctor can leave fewer than six guys .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most twenty movies .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than twenty movies .
no slave can move to at least twenty days .
no slave can move to more than twenty days .
no doctor could increase the size of at least nine windows .
no doctor could increase the size of more than nine windows .
no pig could move to at least thirty pictures .
no pig could move to more than thirty pictures .
no doctor can stand on top of at most one animal .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than one animal .
no doctor can stand on top of at most thirty stands .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than thirty stands .
no dinosaur could move to at least thirty bits .
no dinosaur could move to more than thirty bits .
no wolf could increase the size of at least one minute .
no wolf could increase the size of more than one minute .
no doctor could increase the size of at most nine songs .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than nine songs .
no duke can catch at most twenty boats .
no duke can catch fewer than twenty boats .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty movies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty movies .
no wolf could catch at least thirty bands .
no wolf could catch more than thirty bands .
no pig could open the door to at most one bone .
no pig could open the door to fewer than one bone .
no doctor could leave at most twenty rings .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty rings .
no slave could exist without at most nine fingers .
no slave could exist without fewer than nine fingers .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six lies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six lies .
no slave can stand on top of at most twenty cars .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than twenty cars .
no sister can catch at most ten pictures .
no sister can catch fewer than ten pictures .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty problems .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty problems .
no doctor could catch at least thirty guys .
no doctor could catch more than thirty guys .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty rings .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty rings .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty hands .
no boat could open the door to at least one horse .
no boat could open the door to more than one horse .
no duke could stand on top of at most thirty bears .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than thirty bears .
no doctor could stand on top of at least six babies .
no doctor could stand on top of more than six babies .
no duke can catch at most twenty things .
no duke can catch fewer than twenty things .
no wolf can open the door to at least six songs .
no wolf can open the door to more than six songs .
no wolf can increase the size of at least nine stands .
no wolf can increase the size of more than nine stands .
no sister could open the door to at most twenty patterns .
no sister could open the door to fewer than twenty patterns .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most twenty waters .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than twenty waters .
no doctor can exist without at most thirty minutes .
no doctor can exist without fewer than thirty minutes .
no duke can stand on top of at most six books .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than six books .
no duke can exist without at most one color .
no duke can exist without fewer than one color .
no boat can exist without at most ten restaurants .
no boat can exist without fewer than ten restaurants .
no slave could move to at most nine bands .
no slave could move to fewer than nine bands .
no doctor could catch at most twenty books .
no doctor could catch fewer than twenty books .
no doctor can carry at most thirty stories .
no doctor can carry fewer than thirty stories .
no slave can carry at most six kings .
no slave can carry fewer than six kings .
no sister could stand on top of at least one thing .
no sister could stand on top of more than one thing .
no pig can open the door to at most ten pictures .
no pig can open the door to fewer than ten pictures .
no pig can move to at least twenty animals .
no pig can move to more than twenty animals .
no doctor could stand on top of at least nine guys .
no doctor could stand on top of more than nine guys .
no duke could increase the size of at least six bears .
no duke could increase the size of more than six bears .
no boat could stand on top of at most six bones .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than six bones .
no pig could catch at most nine whales .
no pig could catch fewer than nine whales .
no sister can carry at least thirty problems .
no sister can carry more than thirty problems .
no sister can increase the size of at most thirty parents .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than thirty parents .
no doctor can move to at most twenty fingers .
no doctor can move to fewer than twenty fingers .
no doctor can leave at least ten hands .
no doctor can leave more than ten hands .
no duke could increase the size of at most nine bones .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than nine bones .
no slave can carry at most ten cars .
no slave can carry fewer than ten cars .
no boat can exist without at least twenty stands .
no boat can exist without more than twenty stands .
no duke can carry at most one restaurant .
no duke can carry fewer than one restaurant .
no sister can leave at least thirty boats .
no sister can leave more than thirty boats .
no duke can open the door to at least ten babies .
no duke can open the door to more than ten babies .
no duke could carry at least six dogs .
no duke could carry more than six dogs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most six words .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than six words .
no doctor could carry at most twenty types .
no doctor could carry fewer than twenty types .
no duke can leave at most thirty stars .
no duke can leave fewer than thirty stars .
no doctor can move to at least thirty animals .
no doctor can move to more than thirty animals .
no dinosaur could catch at least one lie .
no dinosaur could catch more than one lie .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine differences .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine differences .
no slave could leave at least thirty whales .
no slave could leave more than thirty whales .
no pig could stand on top of at least one boat .
no pig could stand on top of more than one boat .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least ten books .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than ten books .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six stars .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six stars .
no wolf could open the door to at least one day .
no wolf could open the door to more than one day .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most twenty babies .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than twenty babies .
no sister could carry at least twenty eggs .
no sister could carry more than twenty eggs .
no boat can carry at most ten parents .
no boat can carry fewer than ten parents .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most nine hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than nine hands .
no duke can carry at least thirty movies .
no duke can carry more than thirty movies .
no slave can exist without at most ten stands .
no slave can exist without fewer than ten stands .
no duke can carry at least twenty pages .
no duke can carry more than twenty pages .
no dinosaur can leave at most twenty calls .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than twenty calls .
no boat could exist without at most twenty dollars .
no boat could exist without fewer than twenty dollars .
no slave could stand on top of at most nine ways .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than nine ways .
no sister can open the door to at least thirty arms .
no sister can open the door to more than thirty arms .
no slave can stand on top of at least nine kings .
no slave can stand on top of more than nine kings .
no doctor could leave at most nine animals .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine animals .
no wolf could stand on top of at most one problem .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than one problem .
no slave could open the door to at most six fingers .
no slave could open the door to fewer than six fingers .
no wolf could leave at least one car .
no wolf could leave more than one car .
no slave could stand on top of at least one king .
no slave could stand on top of more than one king .
no slave could stand on top of at least nine hands .
no slave could stand on top of more than nine hands .
no pig can stand on top of at least twenty words .
no pig can stand on top of more than twenty words .
no boat could catch at least twenty arms .
no boat could catch more than twenty arms .
no boat could increase the size of at least six days .
no boat could increase the size of more than six days .
no sister can carry at least one egg .
no sister can carry more than one egg .
no sister could increase the size of at most six dogs .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than six dogs .
no pig could exist without at most twenty things .
no pig could exist without fewer than twenty things .
no sister could open the door to at most twenty girls .
no sister could open the door to fewer than twenty girls .
no wolf can move to at most thirty lies .
no wolf can move to fewer than thirty lies .
no duke could stand on top of at most thirty kings .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than thirty kings .
no doctor can open the door to at most one bird .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than one bird .
no pig could stand on top of at least nine arms .
no pig could stand on top of more than nine arms .
no wolf could exist without at least nine cars .
no wolf could exist without more than nine cars .
no boat can open the door to at least thirty cars .
no boat can open the door to more than thirty cars .
no wolf can carry at most thirty eggs .
no wolf can carry fewer than thirty eggs .
no wolf can carry at least nine hands .
no wolf can carry more than nine hands .
no boat could open the door to at least twenty bones .
no boat could open the door to more than twenty bones .
no doctor can catch at most twenty children .
no doctor can catch fewer than twenty children .
no dinosaur can catch at least one day .
no dinosaur can catch more than one day .
no sister could carry at least thirty pages .
no sister could carry more than thirty pages .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most thirty ways .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than thirty ways .
no duke could move to at least one boat .
no duke could move to more than one boat .
no duke can increase the size of at least one arm .
no duke can increase the size of more than one arm .
no sister could stand on top of at least twenty pages .
no sister could stand on top of more than twenty pages .
no wolf could leave at most nine arms .
no wolf could leave fewer than nine arms .
no sister can exist without at most six songs .
no sister can exist without fewer than six songs .
no doctor could catch at least twenty windows .
no doctor could catch more than twenty windows .
no duke can increase the size of at least nine engines .
no duke can increase the size of more than nine engines .
no duke can increase the size of at least thirty bears .
no duke can increase the size of more than thirty bears .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six stands .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six stands .
no wolf could exist without at most six cars .
no wolf could exist without fewer than six cars .
no boat can increase the size of at most one lion .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than one lion .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most twenty feet .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than twenty feet .
no dinosaur can catch at most one bird .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than one bird .
no duke could carry at least six words .
no duke could carry more than six words .
no slave can increase the size of at least one guy .
no slave can increase the size of more than one guy .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most ten eggs .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than ten eggs .
no sister can exist without at most six lies .
no sister can exist without fewer than six lies .
no sister can increase the size of at most one dollar .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than one dollar .
no duke could stand on top of at most nine stars .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than nine stars .
no wolf could leave at most twenty stands .
no wolf could leave fewer than twenty stands .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty parents .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty parents .
no doctor could exist without at most nine arms .
no doctor could exist without fewer than nine arms .
no duke can catch at most one child .
no duke can catch fewer than one child .
no dinosaur could carry at most one guy .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than one guy .
no sister can catch at least twenty stands .
no sister can catch more than twenty stands .
no sister could catch at least thirty eggs .
no sister could catch more than thirty eggs .
no slave could carry at most ten dollars .
no slave could carry fewer than ten dollars .
no pig could carry at least one girl .
no pig could carry more than one girl .
no duke can increase the size of at least twenty pages .
no duke can increase the size of more than twenty pages .
no dinosaur can exist without at least thirty days .
no dinosaur can exist without more than thirty days .
no wolf can open the door to at least one egg .
no wolf can open the door to more than one egg .
no duke could exist without at most ten problems .
no duke could exist without fewer than ten problems .
no boat could stand on top of at least thirty arms .
no boat could stand on top of more than thirty arms .
no wolf could open the door to at most thirty kings .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than thirty kings .
no pig can stand on top of at least twenty parents .
no pig can stand on top of more than twenty parents .
no doctor could catch at least nine kings .
no doctor could catch more than nine kings .
no boat can catch at least one movie .
no boat can catch more than one movie .
no sister could carry at least thirty bits .
no sister could carry more than thirty bits .
no duke can catch at most six boats .
no duke can catch fewer than six boats .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least nine calls .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than nine calls .
no slave can open the door to at most thirty arms .
no slave can open the door to fewer than thirty arms .
no wolf could catch at most ten songs .
no wolf could catch fewer than ten songs .
no boat could stand on top of at least one engine .
no boat could stand on top of more than one engine .
no sister can catch at least six lions .
no sister can catch more than six lions .
no sister can stand on top of at least six windows .
no sister can stand on top of more than six windows .
no slave can stand on top of at most ten children .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than ten children .
no sister can increase the size of at most nine calls .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than nine calls .
no sister can increase the size of at least twenty parents .
no sister can increase the size of more than twenty parents .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most one pattern .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than one pattern .
no slave could stand on top of at least nine problems .
no slave could stand on top of more than nine problems .
no boat can open the door to at least twenty days .
no boat can open the door to more than twenty days .
no sister can exist without at most thirty stands .
no sister can exist without fewer than thirty stands .
no duke could leave at least one book .
no duke could leave more than one book .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten eggs .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten eggs .
no pig could increase the size of at most six boats .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than six boats .
no slave could open the door to at least ten restaurants .
no slave could open the door to more than ten restaurants .
no wolf could carry at most ten engines .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten engines .
no sister can exist without at most twenty lions .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty lions .
no dinosaur can carry at least one window .
no dinosaur can carry more than one window .
no sister could exist without at least thirty movies .
no sister could exist without more than thirty movies .
no slave could exist without at most six rings .
no slave could exist without fewer than six rings .
no slave can increase the size of at most nine whales .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than nine whales .
no slave can catch at most six stands .
no slave can catch fewer than six stands .
no doctor can exist without at least twenty children .
no doctor can exist without more than twenty children .
no pig can stand on top of at most nine stories .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than nine stories .
no boat can leave at most six girls .
no boat can leave fewer than six girls .
no sister could move to at most nine birds .
no sister could move to fewer than nine birds .
no dinosaur can catch at least twenty girls .
no dinosaur can catch more than twenty girls .
no doctor could leave at most one stand .
no doctor could leave fewer than one stand .
no boat could move to at most six rings .
no boat could move to fewer than six rings .
no duke could carry at most nine bones .
no duke could carry fewer than nine bones .
no slave could leave at least thirty books .
no slave could leave more than thirty books .
no wolf could leave at most ten whales .
no wolf could leave fewer than ten whales .
no duke can stand on top of at most ten minutes .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than ten minutes .
no slave could move to at most twenty whales .
no slave could move to fewer than twenty whales .
no doctor could increase the size of at least six engines .
no doctor could increase the size of more than six engines .
no sister could leave at most nine waters .
no sister could leave fewer than nine waters .
no sister can catch at least six stories .
no sister can catch more than six stories .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten calls .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten calls .
no duke can move to at most ten problems .
no duke can move to fewer than ten problems .
no dinosaur could catch at most thirty windows .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than thirty windows .
no duke could move to at least twenty books .
no duke could move to more than twenty books .
no boat can move to at least ten children .
no boat can move to more than ten children .
no slave can exist without at most one word .
no slave can exist without fewer than one word .
no boat can move to at most nine bones .
no boat can move to fewer than nine bones .
no pig can carry at most nine fingers .
no pig can carry fewer than nine fingers .
no dinosaur could move to at most ten movies .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than ten movies .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least twenty engines .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than twenty engines .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine engines .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine engines .
no pig could move to at most thirty stories .
no pig could move to fewer than thirty stories .
no dinosaur can move to at least six bits .
no dinosaur can move to more than six bits .
no slave could stand on top of at least six days .
no slave could stand on top of more than six days .
no slave could leave at most nine things .
no slave could leave fewer than nine things .
no boat could increase the size of at least one song .
no boat could increase the size of more than one song .
no pig can leave at most thirty rings .
no pig can leave fewer than thirty rings .
no boat could open the door to at most thirty bears .
no boat could open the door to fewer than thirty bears .
no sister can catch at most thirty stands .
no sister can catch fewer than thirty stands .
no wolf can increase the size of at most nine types .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than nine types .
no doctor can increase the size of at most one thing .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than one thing .
no slave can stand on top of at least ten rings .
no slave can stand on top of more than ten rings .
no doctor could move to at least one finger .
no doctor could move to more than one finger .
no boat can move to at most twenty arms .
no boat can move to fewer than twenty arms .
no duke could carry at least thirty bones .
no duke could carry more than thirty bones .
no sister can open the door to at least six animals .
no sister can open the door to more than six animals .
no doctor can move to at least ten dollars .
no doctor can move to more than ten dollars .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most nine days .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than nine days .
no boat can catch at least one baby .
no boat can catch more than one baby .
no pig could exist without at least twenty lies .
no pig could exist without more than twenty lies .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty types .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty types .
no wolf could move to at most twenty boats .
no wolf could move to fewer than twenty boats .
no pig could exist without at most thirty pictures .
no pig could exist without fewer than thirty pictures .
no slave can move to at least nine babies .
no slave can move to more than nine babies .
no sister could carry at least ten differences .
no sister could carry more than ten differences .
no sister can open the door to at least ten colors .
no sister can open the door to more than ten colors .
no doctor can increase the size of at most twenty dogs .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than twenty dogs .
no pig can increase the size of at least six animals .
no pig can increase the size of more than six animals .
no boat can exist without at least thirty minutes .
no boat can exist without more than thirty minutes .
no boat could carry at least six days .
no boat could carry more than six days .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least six bones .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than six bones .
no pig could leave at most one type .
no pig could leave fewer than one type .
no pig can stand on top of at most one toy .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than one toy .
no doctor can leave at least ten toys .
no doctor can leave more than ten toys .
no dinosaur could catch at most nine horses .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than nine horses .
no doctor could increase the size of at least nine kings .
no doctor could increase the size of more than nine kings .
no pig could open the door to at most ten cars .
no pig could open the door to fewer than ten cars .
no sister can carry at most thirty restaurants .
no sister can carry fewer than thirty restaurants .
no sister can exist without at most ten pictures .
no sister can exist without fewer than ten pictures .
no duke could open the door to at most thirty lions .
no duke could open the door to fewer than thirty lions .
no duke could stand on top of at most twenty restaurants .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty restaurants .
no duke could leave at most six patterns .
no duke could leave fewer than six patterns .
no doctor can catch at most thirty days .
no doctor can catch fewer than thirty days .
no slave can leave at least six cars .
no slave can leave more than six cars .
no dinosaur can exist without at least ten babies .
no dinosaur can exist without more than ten babies .
no slave can open the door to at most ten problems .
no slave can open the door to fewer than ten problems .
no dinosaur could leave at least one minute .
no dinosaur could leave more than one minute .
no dinosaur could exist without at least twenty bits .
no dinosaur could exist without more than twenty bits .
no doctor can carry at least six waters .
no doctor can carry more than six waters .
no doctor could exist without at least thirty bits .
no doctor could exist without more than thirty bits .
no pig could catch at most six parents .
no pig could catch fewer than six parents .
no wolf could carry at most ten stories .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten stories .
no wolf can increase the size of at least one ring .
no wolf can increase the size of more than one ring .
no pig could leave at least thirty bones .
no pig could leave more than thirty bones .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six pictures .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six pictures .
no wolf can exist without at most one song .
no wolf can exist without fewer than one song .
no slave could exist without at most one child .
no slave could exist without fewer than one child .
no slave can open the door to at least six calls .
no slave can open the door to more than six calls .
no pig could open the door to at least one thing .
no pig could open the door to more than one thing .
no wolf can stand on top of at most six horses .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than six horses .
no slave could carry at most one lion .
no slave could carry fewer than one lion .
no wolf can increase the size of at most twenty bears .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than twenty bears .
no dinosaur could move to at most ten feet .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than ten feet .
no doctor could exist without at most twenty pages .
no doctor could exist without fewer than twenty pages .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty children .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty children .
no dinosaur can move to at most thirty whales .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than thirty whales .
no duke can increase the size of at least twenty animals .
no duke can increase the size of more than twenty animals .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty guys .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty guys .
no wolf could carry at most six whales .
no wolf could carry fewer than six whales .
no boat can leave at least ten bones .
no boat can leave more than ten bones .
no boat could exist without at most nine windows .
no boat could exist without fewer than nine windows .
no slave could carry at most six parents .
no slave could carry fewer than six parents .
no dinosaur can move to at most ten birds .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than ten birds .
no wolf can catch at least thirty ways .
no wolf can catch more than thirty ways .
no boat can open the door to at least six girls .
no boat can open the door to more than six girls .
no dinosaur could exist without at most one dog .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than one dog .
no dinosaur can catch at least ten feet .
no dinosaur can catch more than ten feet .
no sister could open the door to at least six books .
no sister could open the door to more than six books .
no wolf can leave at most thirty toys .
no wolf can leave fewer than thirty toys .
no doctor can leave at most ten bears .
no doctor can leave fewer than ten bears .
no pig could increase the size of at most one king .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than one king .
no wolf can catch at most thirty types .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty types .
no boat could move to at least nine horses .
no boat could move to more than nine horses .
no sister could stand on top of at most one picture .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than one picture .
no sister could stand on top of at most ten stands .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than ten stands .
no dinosaur can exist without at least twenty books .
no dinosaur can exist without more than twenty books .
no pig could carry at least six dogs .
no pig could carry more than six dogs .
no sister can increase the size of at least twenty restaurants .
no sister can increase the size of more than twenty restaurants .
no duke could carry at least twenty patterns .
no duke could carry more than twenty patterns .
no boat could increase the size of at most one child .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than one child .
no sister can move to at most twenty eggs .
no sister can move to fewer than twenty eggs .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten bones .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten bones .
no wolf could move to at most six words .
no wolf could move to fewer than six words .
no pig can leave at most six books .
no pig can leave fewer than six books .
no boat can increase the size of at least nine dollars .
no boat can increase the size of more than nine dollars .
no duke could leave at least nine arms .
no duke could leave more than nine arms .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty horses .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty horses .
no pig can move to at most ten engines .
no pig can move to fewer than ten engines .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least twenty bears .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than twenty bears .
no sister could stand on top of at most ten words .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than ten words .
no slave can move to at least twenty bears .
no slave can move to more than twenty bears .
no sister can catch at least one parent .
no sister can catch more than one parent .
no pig can leave at most one band .
no pig can leave fewer than one band .
no pig can carry at most ten ways .
no pig can carry fewer than ten ways .
no sister can leave at least nine parents .
no sister can leave more than nine parents .
no dinosaur could carry at most twenty pictures .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than twenty pictures .
no slave can exist without at least one story .
no slave can exist without more than one story .
no doctor can carry at least thirty differences .
no doctor can carry more than thirty differences .
no boat can exist without at most one page .
no boat can exist without fewer than one page .
no boat could stand on top of at most thirty kings .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than thirty kings .
no boat could leave at most ten lies .
no boat could leave fewer than ten lies .
no boat could increase the size of at most one lion .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than one lion .
no pig could exist without at least twenty songs .
no pig could exist without more than twenty songs .
no duke could exist without at least nine dollars .
no duke could exist without more than nine dollars .
no slave could stand on top of at most one way .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than one way .
no boat could carry at least nine rings .
no boat could carry more than nine rings .
no pig can increase the size of at least ten parents .
no pig can increase the size of more than ten parents .
no pig can stand on top of at least six stands .
no pig can stand on top of more than six stands .
no sister can increase the size of at most thirty lions .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than thirty lions .
no pig could stand on top of at least ten cars .
no pig could stand on top of more than ten cars .
no slave could carry at least twenty bits .
no slave could carry more than twenty bits .
no boat could catch at least one lion .
no boat could catch more than one lion .
no pig could catch at most twenty cars .
no pig could catch fewer than twenty cars .
no slave could exist without at least twenty boats .
no slave could exist without more than twenty boats .
no wolf could exist without at most ten problems .
no wolf could exist without fewer than ten problems .
no wolf could open the door to at most nine birds .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than nine birds .
no duke could exist without at least twenty pages .
no duke could exist without more than twenty pages .
no duke can exist without at most nine dollars .
no duke can exist without fewer than nine dollars .
no doctor could open the door to at least ten stories .
no doctor could open the door to more than ten stories .
no dinosaur can move to at least thirty guys .
no dinosaur can move to more than thirty guys .
no dinosaur could exist without at least thirty pages .
no dinosaur could exist without more than thirty pages .
no duke could catch at least six horses .
no duke could catch more than six horses .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least twenty girls .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than twenty girls .
no slave could open the door to at most nine minutes .
no slave could open the door to fewer than nine minutes .
no duke can stand on top of at least ten ways .
no duke can stand on top of more than ten ways .
no wolf can move to at least ten books .
no wolf can move to more than ten books .
no wolf can move to at least one word .
no wolf can move to more than one word .
no sister could move to at least ten toys .
no sister could move to more than ten toys .
no doctor can leave at least six things .
no doctor can leave more than six things .
no wolf could catch at most nine bears .
no wolf could catch fewer than nine bears .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine stars .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine stars .
no doctor could catch at most six differences .
no doctor could catch fewer than six differences .
no dinosaur can leave at most nine whales .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than nine whales .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine children .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine children .
no slave can leave at most twenty stories .
no slave can leave fewer than twenty stories .
no slave can increase the size of at most one day .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than one day .
no pig can leave at most nine eggs .
no pig can leave fewer than nine eggs .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most twenty parents .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than twenty parents .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least six eggs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than six eggs .
no sister can carry at least nine feet .
no sister can carry more than nine feet .
no slave can catch at most six dollars .
no slave can catch fewer than six dollars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most six arms .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than six arms .
no doctor can catch at most ten problems .
no doctor can catch fewer than ten problems .
no boat could increase the size of at least thirty dollars .
no boat could increase the size of more than thirty dollars .
no pig can carry at least one thing .
no pig can carry more than one thing .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine arms .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine arms .
no slave could carry at least one engine .
no slave could carry more than one engine .
no wolf can catch at least nine calls .
no wolf can catch more than nine calls .
no boat can increase the size of at least six problems .
no boat can increase the size of more than six problems .
no doctor could open the door to at least thirty types .
no doctor could open the door to more than thirty types .
no boat could catch at least twenty things .
no boat could catch more than twenty things .
no slave can move to at most six rings .
no slave can move to fewer than six rings .
no wolf could carry at least six dogs .
no wolf could carry more than six dogs .
no wolf can exist without at least one boat .
no wolf can exist without more than one boat .
no duke could exist without at least thirty lies .
no duke could exist without more than thirty lies .
no sister could catch at least ten fingers .
no sister could catch more than ten fingers .
no wolf could move to at most six problems .
no wolf could move to fewer than six problems .
no pig could stand on top of at most ten guys .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than ten guys .
no pig can exist without at least six cars .
no pig can exist without more than six cars .
no pig can catch at most nine movies .
no pig can catch fewer than nine movies .
no pig can carry at most thirty animals .
no pig can carry fewer than thirty animals .
no dinosaur can catch at most six eggs .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than six eggs .
no sister could open the door to at least thirty horses .
no sister could open the door to more than thirty horses .
no slave could increase the size of at least nine whales .
no slave could increase the size of more than nine whales .
no pig could increase the size of at most six bits .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than six bits .
no sister can move to at least six bones .
no sister can move to more than six bones .
no pig can exist without at most six lions .
no pig can exist without fewer than six lions .
no doctor can stand on top of at most nine songs .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than nine songs .
no duke can carry at most nine minutes .
no duke can carry fewer than nine minutes .
no duke could move to at most thirty bones .
no duke could move to fewer than thirty bones .
no duke could open the door to at most thirty cars .
no duke could open the door to fewer than thirty cars .
no sister can stand on top of at most thirty minutes .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than thirty minutes .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most nine toys .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than nine toys .
no doctor could move to at least nine dollars .
no doctor could move to more than nine dollars .
no sister could carry at most ten lies .
no sister could carry fewer than ten lies .
no slave could leave at least nine toys .
no slave could leave more than nine toys .
no pig could open the door to at most nine types .
no pig could open the door to fewer than nine types .
no duke could move to at least ten bears .
no duke could move to more than ten bears .
no boat could leave at least nine days .
no boat could leave more than nine days .
no dinosaur can move to at least twenty kings .
no dinosaur can move to more than twenty kings .
no pig could leave at least thirty bits .
no pig could leave more than thirty bits .
no wolf can exist without at most one window .
no wolf can exist without fewer than one window .
no dinosaur can move to at most six patterns .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than six patterns .
no duke can carry at least thirty windows .
no duke can carry more than thirty windows .
no duke can stand on top of at least six colors .
no duke can stand on top of more than six colors .
no slave can move to at most ten fingers .
no slave can move to fewer than ten fingers .
no duke could exist without at most one color .
no duke could exist without fewer than one color .
no doctor can stand on top of at least twenty animals .
no doctor can stand on top of more than twenty animals .
no duke can stand on top of at most one page .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than one page .
no sister could open the door to at least ten differences .
no sister could open the door to more than ten differences .
no boat can carry at most six types .
no boat can carry fewer than six types .
no pig could stand on top of at most ten restaurants .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than ten restaurants .
no duke can move to at least six songs .
no duke can move to more than six songs .
no duke can catch at least ten bands .
no duke can catch more than ten bands .
no pig can move to at least ten minutes .
no pig can move to more than ten minutes .
no doctor can open the door to at most six lions .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than six lions .
no wolf can exist without at least one animal .
no wolf can exist without more than one animal .
no doctor can catch at most nine things .
no doctor can catch fewer than nine things .
no duke can catch at least six guys .
no duke can catch more than six guys .
no wolf can move to at least ten words .
no wolf can move to more than ten words .
no boat can catch at most nine restaurants .
no boat can catch fewer than nine restaurants .
no boat could move to at most twenty cars .
no boat could move to fewer than twenty cars .
no boat can stand on top of at most nine windows .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than nine windows .
no duke could move to at least twenty hands .
no duke could move to more than twenty hands .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most six bears .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than six bears .
no doctor can stand on top of at most twenty hands .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than twenty hands .
no dinosaur can leave at most one hand .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than one hand .
no pig can move to at least thirty bits .
no pig can move to more than thirty bits .
no slave can open the door to at least six minutes .
no slave can open the door to more than six minutes .
no dinosaur can carry at most ten eggs .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than ten eggs .
no sister can catch at least one animal .
no sister can catch more than one animal .
no slave can move to at most one word .
no slave can move to fewer than one word .
no pig could move to at most ten parents .
no pig could move to fewer than ten parents .
no sister can carry at most ten lions .
no sister can carry fewer than ten lions .
no boat can stand on top of at most ten windows .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than ten windows .
no doctor could open the door to at least ten minutes .
no doctor could open the door to more than ten minutes .
no pig can increase the size of at least thirty words .
no pig can increase the size of more than thirty words .
no wolf can open the door to at most nine bears .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than nine bears .
no boat can open the door to at most one stand .
no boat can open the door to fewer than one stand .
no wolf can catch at least six differences .
no wolf can catch more than six differences .
no wolf could catch at least nine waters .
no wolf could catch more than nine waters .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most one dollar .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than one dollar .
no duke could carry at most nine minutes .
no duke could carry fewer than nine minutes .
no slave can catch at least six calls .
no slave can catch more than six calls .
no sister can exist without at least twenty lies .
no sister can exist without more than twenty lies .
no boat can exist without at most thirty hands .
no boat can exist without fewer than thirty hands .
no dinosaur can catch at least twenty bits .
no dinosaur can catch more than twenty bits .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine stars .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine stars .
no sister could leave at most twenty pictures .
no sister could leave fewer than twenty pictures .
no wolf can carry at most thirty restaurants .
no wolf can carry fewer than thirty restaurants .
no boat could catch at least ten bands .
no boat could catch more than ten bands .
no slave could exist without at most ten bands .
no slave could exist without fewer than ten bands .
no boat can catch at most thirty books .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty books .
no sister could catch at most one water .
no sister could catch fewer than one water .
no boat can open the door to at most ten birds .
no boat can open the door to fewer than ten birds .
no sister can stand on top of at least six restaurants .
no sister can stand on top of more than six restaurants .
no slave can exist without at least ten toys .
no slave can exist without more than ten toys .
no wolf could stand on top of at least thirty lions .
no wolf could stand on top of more than thirty lions .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty words .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty words .
no slave could catch at least thirty whales .
no slave could catch more than thirty whales .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least nine ways .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than nine ways .
no duke can move to at most twenty whales .
no duke can move to fewer than twenty whales .
no wolf could exist without at least one girl .
no wolf could exist without more than one girl .
no sister can move to at most thirty calls .
no sister can move to fewer than thirty calls .
no dinosaur could leave at most six patterns .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six patterns .
no sister can catch at most nine feet .
no sister can catch fewer than nine feet .
no wolf could leave at least six hands .
no wolf could leave more than six hands .
no wolf could stand on top of at least six engines .
no wolf could stand on top of more than six engines .
no wolf could increase the size of at most nine waters .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than nine waters .
no boat can stand on top of at least six dogs .
no boat can stand on top of more than six dogs .
no sister could increase the size of at most ten hands .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than ten hands .
no duke could open the door to at least ten kings .
no duke could open the door to more than ten kings .
no pig could open the door to at least six restaurants .
no pig could open the door to more than six restaurants .
no pig can carry at least six differences .
no pig can carry more than six differences .
no sister can increase the size of at least twenty horses .
no sister can increase the size of more than twenty horses .
no wolf can increase the size of at least six bears .
no wolf can increase the size of more than six bears .
no slave can catch at least six dollars .
no slave can catch more than six dollars .
no pig could catch at most ten children .
no pig could catch fewer than ten children .
no sister can catch at most nine movies .
no sister can catch fewer than nine movies .
no wolf could catch at least nine feet .
no wolf could catch more than nine feet .
no wolf can leave at least ten cars .
no wolf can leave more than ten cars .
no pig could catch at least ten restaurants .
no pig could catch more than ten restaurants .
no duke could open the door to at most six minutes .
no duke could open the door to fewer than six minutes .
no doctor could open the door to at most ten cars .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than ten cars .
no doctor can stand on top of at least thirty stories .
no doctor can stand on top of more than thirty stories .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six colors .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six colors .
no sister could carry at least nine animals .
no sister could carry more than nine animals .
no pig could move to at most nine differences .
no pig could move to fewer than nine differences .
no pig can catch at least one car .
no pig can catch more than one car .
no duke could open the door to at most thirty pictures .
no duke could open the door to fewer than thirty pictures .
no duke could open the door to at least nine birds .
no duke could open the door to more than nine birds .
no sister could increase the size of at most thirty calls .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than thirty calls .
no doctor can increase the size of at most ten children .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than ten children .
no doctor could carry at least thirty patterns .
no doctor could carry more than thirty patterns .
no slave could exist without at least nine cars .
no slave could exist without more than nine cars .
no boat could move to at most one ring .
no boat could move to fewer than one ring .
no doctor can move to at most thirty girls .
no doctor can move to fewer than thirty girls .
no slave can stand on top of at least thirty kings .
no slave can stand on top of more than thirty kings .
no sister can carry at most one guy .
no sister can carry fewer than one guy .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty calls .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty calls .
no wolf can open the door to at least nine pictures .
no wolf can open the door to more than nine pictures .
no duke could carry at most ten bones .
no duke could carry fewer than ten bones .
no pig can open the door to at most six words .
no pig can open the door to fewer than six words .
no pig can stand on top of at most nine types .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than nine types .
no slave could carry at least six bones .
no slave could carry more than six bones .
no doctor could exist without at most ten dogs .
no doctor could exist without fewer than ten dogs .
no wolf could stand on top of at least thirty bears .
no wolf could stand on top of more than thirty bears .
no duke could catch at most twenty colors .
no duke could catch fewer than twenty colors .
no slave can exist without at most one book .
no slave can exist without fewer than one book .
no pig can stand on top of at most ten bones .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than ten bones .
no duke could move to at most ten dollars .
no duke could move to fewer than ten dollars .
no slave can move to at most thirty feet .
no slave can move to fewer than thirty feet .
no doctor could catch at most six fingers .
no doctor could catch fewer than six fingers .
no slave can exist without at least twenty types .
no slave can exist without more than twenty types .
no duke can stand on top of at most nine bands .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than nine bands .
no slave could exist without at most twenty colors .
no slave could exist without fewer than twenty colors .
no duke can increase the size of at most one baby .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than one baby .
no wolf can catch at least twenty types .
no wolf can catch more than twenty types .
no pig could open the door to at least thirty whales .
no pig could open the door to more than thirty whales .
no boat can move to at least twenty bones .
no boat can move to more than twenty bones .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most ten fingers .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than ten fingers .
no doctor could open the door to at most thirty fingers .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than thirty fingers .
no pig could open the door to at most nine birds .
no pig could open the door to fewer than nine birds .
no boat can move to at least one animal .
no boat can move to more than one animal .
no duke could exist without at least one band .
no duke could exist without more than one band .
no slave can increase the size of at most thirty lies .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than thirty lies .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine toys .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine toys .
no slave could stand on top of at most one baby .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than one baby .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most ten restaurants .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than ten restaurants .
no boat could move to at most twenty pages .
no boat could move to fewer than twenty pages .
no slave could catch at most ten lies .
no slave could catch fewer than ten lies .
no dinosaur could leave at most twenty calls .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than twenty calls .
no boat could move to at least six bands .
no boat could move to more than six bands .
no slave can exist without at most ten stories .
no slave can exist without fewer than ten stories .
no slave could stand on top of at least ten parents .
no slave could stand on top of more than ten parents .
no boat can stand on top of at least six children .
no boat can stand on top of more than six children .
no sister can carry at least nine lions .
no sister can carry more than nine lions .
no doctor can carry at most ten rings .
no doctor can carry fewer than ten rings .
no sister could leave at most six problems .
no sister could leave fewer than six problems .
no pig can increase the size of at most twenty colors .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than twenty colors .
no duke could exist without at least nine children .
no duke could exist without more than nine children .
no doctor could increase the size of at least twenty bits .
no doctor could increase the size of more than twenty bits .
no slave can increase the size of at least thirty pictures .
no slave can increase the size of more than thirty pictures .
no slave could catch at most nine engines .
no slave could catch fewer than nine engines .
no doctor can catch at most six animals .
no doctor can catch fewer than six animals .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine bands .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine bands .
no dinosaur could leave at least ten dollars .
no dinosaur could leave more than ten dollars .
no duke can catch at least ten songs .
no duke can catch more than ten songs .
no slave can leave at least thirty eggs .
no slave can leave more than thirty eggs .
no sister can carry at least thirty words .
no sister can carry more than thirty words .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty hands .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty hands .
no sister could exist without at least thirty cars .
no sister could exist without more than thirty cars .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty parents .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty parents .
no duke could exist without at most thirty dollars .
no duke could exist without fewer than thirty dollars .
no wolf could exist without at most one animal .
no wolf could exist without fewer than one animal .
no duke could carry at least thirty restaurants .
no duke could carry more than thirty restaurants .
no pig can increase the size of at most ten feet .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than ten feet .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most thirty rings .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than thirty rings .
no doctor could open the door to at most one arm .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than one arm .
no dinosaur can exist without at most ten patterns .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than ten patterns .
no boat could stand on top of at most six rings .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than six rings .
no doctor could catch at most nine animals .
no doctor could catch fewer than nine animals .
no slave can open the door to at most six lions .
no slave can open the door to fewer than six lions .
no pig could move to at least twenty dollars .
no pig could move to more than twenty dollars .
no dinosaur could move to at least thirty rings .
no dinosaur could move to more than thirty rings .
no boat can open the door to at most ten songs .
no boat can open the door to fewer than ten songs .
no duke could leave at most ten kings .
no duke could leave fewer than ten kings .
no pig can open the door to at most ten restaurants .
no pig can open the door to fewer than ten restaurants .
no doctor could carry at least thirty bears .
no doctor could carry more than thirty bears .
no wolf could leave at most nine things .
no wolf could leave fewer than nine things .
no duke could exist without at least six pictures .
no duke could exist without more than six pictures .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least thirty calls .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than thirty calls .
no sister can carry at least six toys .
no sister can carry more than six toys .
no pig can increase the size of at most one thing .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than one thing .
no wolf can stand on top of at least ten bands .
no wolf can stand on top of more than ten bands .
no doctor can leave at most one hand .
no doctor can leave fewer than one hand .
no doctor could catch at least thirty things .
no doctor could catch more than thirty things .
no wolf can stand on top of at least thirty colors .
no wolf can stand on top of more than thirty colors .
no sister could open the door to at most twenty waters .
no sister could open the door to fewer than twenty waters .
no pig could catch at most twenty songs .
no pig could catch fewer than twenty songs .
no boat can open the door to at least one baby .
no boat can open the door to more than one baby .
no slave can move to at least ten waters .
no slave can move to more than ten waters .
no slave can stand on top of at most nine minutes .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than nine minutes .
no pig can exist without at most nine children .
no pig can exist without fewer than nine children .
no sister could move to at most twenty engines .
no sister could move to fewer than twenty engines .
no wolf can exist without at most six bones .
no wolf can exist without fewer than six bones .
no doctor could move to at most ten types .
no doctor could move to fewer than ten types .
no boat could exist without at least six bones .
no boat could exist without more than six bones .
no slave could move to at least ten bands .
no slave could move to more than ten bands .
no slave can move to at least six types .
no slave can move to more than six types .
no sister could carry at most six girls .
no sister could carry fewer than six girls .
no pig could stand on top of at most twenty feet .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than twenty feet .
no duke can leave at most nine stands .
no duke can leave fewer than nine stands .
no boat could open the door to at most twenty stands .
no boat could open the door to fewer than twenty stands .
no duke could catch at least ten children .
no duke could catch more than ten children .
no pig could stand on top of at most thirty ways .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than thirty ways .
no boat could leave at most twenty problems .
no boat could leave fewer than twenty problems .
no pig can increase the size of at most nine lies .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than nine lies .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty lies .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty lies .
no duke could stand on top of at most six fingers .
no duke could stand on top of fewer than six fingers .
no pig can move to at most nine days .
no pig can move to fewer than nine days .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty windows .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty windows .
no wolf could leave at most nine dogs .
no wolf could leave fewer than nine dogs .
no dinosaur can move to at most six ways .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than six ways .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most one parent .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than one parent .
no sister could leave at most thirty patterns .
no sister could leave fewer than thirty patterns .
no wolf can exist without at least six movies .
no wolf can exist without more than six movies .
no doctor can stand on top of at most twenty bands .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than twenty bands .
no doctor could leave at most six words .
no doctor could leave fewer than six words .
no sister could carry at most six differences .
no sister could carry fewer than six differences .
no pig can exist without at least ten whales .
no pig can exist without more than ten whales .
no boat could exist without at most one way .
no boat could exist without fewer than one way .
no dinosaur can exist without at most thirty waters .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than thirty waters .
no sister could exist without at least ten lions .
no sister could exist without more than ten lions .
no sister could open the door to at most one bit .
no sister could open the door to fewer than one bit .
no sister can open the door to at least ten toys .
no sister can open the door to more than ten toys .
no duke could move to at least one ring .
no duke could move to more than one ring .
no duke can exist without at least six calls .
no duke can exist without more than six calls .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most thirty cars .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than thirty cars .
no pig could increase the size of at most one movie .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than one movie .
no doctor can catch at most one band .
no doctor can catch fewer than one band .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty horses .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty horses .
no pig could stand on top of at most one water .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one water .
no wolf can catch at most thirty movies .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty movies .
no duke could carry at most nine bears .
no duke could carry fewer than nine bears .
no slave could open the door to at least six engines .
no slave could open the door to more than six engines .
no wolf can move to at least six cars .
no wolf can move to more than six cars .
no dinosaur can leave at most ten calls .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than ten calls .
no duke could increase the size of at most ten windows .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than ten windows .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one page .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one page .
no duke can leave at most twenty books .
no duke can leave fewer than twenty books .
no sister can leave at least nine windows .
no sister can leave more than nine windows .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty whales .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty whales .
no doctor can exist without at most six windows .
no doctor can exist without fewer than six windows .
no doctor could carry at most nine types .
no doctor could carry fewer than nine types .
no duke could carry at least ten pages .
no duke could carry more than ten pages .
no pig could leave at most one lie .
no pig could leave fewer than one lie .
no boat could leave at least twenty pages .
no boat could leave more than twenty pages .
no doctor could leave at most nine girls .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine girls .
no dinosaur can move to at most nine songs .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than nine songs .
no wolf can leave at most ten movies .
no wolf can leave fewer than ten movies .
no duke can catch at least six lies .
no duke can catch more than six lies .
no slave can move to at least ten cars .
no slave can move to more than ten cars .
no wolf could leave at least thirty kings .
no wolf could leave more than thirty kings .
no doctor can open the door to at most twenty girls .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than twenty girls .
no sister could catch at least ten eggs .
no sister could catch more than ten eggs .
no doctor could catch at least ten calls .
no doctor could catch more than ten calls .
no dinosaur could catch at least six bands .
no dinosaur could catch more than six bands .
no pig could open the door to at most one thing .
no pig could open the door to fewer than one thing .
no sister could catch at most nine toys .
no sister could catch fewer than nine toys .
no doctor can leave at least one dollar .
no doctor can leave more than one dollar .
no boat can catch at most one word .
no boat can catch fewer than one word .
no pig can exist without at most one song .
no pig can exist without fewer than one song .
no wolf can carry at least ten boats .
no wolf can carry more than ten boats .
no wolf could open the door to at most twenty pictures .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than twenty pictures .
no duke can catch at most nine fingers .
no duke can catch fewer than nine fingers .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most nine stars .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than nine stars .
no slave could open the door to at least twenty bits .
no slave could open the door to more than twenty bits .
no doctor can carry at least nine children .
no doctor can carry more than nine children .
no boat can leave at least thirty eggs .
no boat can leave more than thirty eggs .
no boat could exist without at most six dogs .
no boat could exist without fewer than six dogs .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten books .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten books .
no doctor could increase the size of at most nine stars .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than nine stars .
no wolf could open the door to at least one ring .
no wolf could open the door to more than one ring .
no boat could catch at most six songs .
no boat could catch fewer than six songs .
no wolf could catch at most one day .
no wolf could catch fewer than one day .
no boat can catch at most twenty dogs .
no boat can catch fewer than twenty dogs .
no boat can catch at least six pictures .
no boat can catch more than six pictures .
no boat can catch at most thirty cars .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty cars .
no pig could leave at most twenty stories .
no pig could leave fewer than twenty stories .
no slave could open the door to at most one child .
no slave could open the door to fewer than one child .
no dinosaur can catch at least one girl .
no dinosaur can catch more than one girl .
no boat can increase the size of at least six patterns .
no boat can increase the size of more than six patterns .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least one difference .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than one difference .
no doctor could move to at most thirty bones .
no doctor could move to fewer than thirty bones .
no slave could open the door to at least six dogs .
no slave could open the door to more than six dogs .
no duke can increase the size of at most one type .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than one type .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least ten pictures .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than ten pictures .
no slave can stand on top of at most nine feet .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than nine feet .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten words .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten words .
no pig could open the door to at least twenty minutes .
no pig could open the door to more than twenty minutes .
no boat could stand on top of at least twenty babies .
no boat could stand on top of more than twenty babies .
no slave could stand on top of at most nine arms .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than nine arms .
no doctor could carry at least ten bands .
no doctor could carry more than ten bands .
no pig can catch at most thirty problems .
no pig can catch fewer than thirty problems .
no wolf can increase the size of at most ten parents .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than ten parents .
no pig could leave at most six patterns .
no pig could leave fewer than six patterns .
no duke can exist without at least one call .
no duke can exist without more than one call .
no wolf can stand on top of at most ten songs .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than ten songs .
no doctor could move to at most nine types .
no doctor could move to fewer than nine types .
no slave can stand on top of at most thirty ways .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than thirty ways .
no duke could increase the size of at least ten birds .
no duke could increase the size of more than ten birds .
no duke can catch at most twenty waters .
no duke can catch fewer than twenty waters .
no dinosaur can catch at most thirty eggs .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than thirty eggs .
no duke could catch at least six kings .
no duke could catch more than six kings .
no sister can leave at least twenty windows .
no sister can leave more than twenty windows .
no duke can move to at most one engine .
no duke can move to fewer than one engine .
no slave can increase the size of at least six animals .
no slave can increase the size of more than six animals .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most six days .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than six days .
no pig could open the door to at most twenty stars .
no pig could open the door to fewer than twenty stars .
no doctor could stand on top of at least ten problems .
no doctor could stand on top of more than ten problems .
no doctor can carry at least nine bits .
no doctor can carry more than nine bits .
no boat can exist without at most thirty pictures .
no boat can exist without fewer than thirty pictures .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty waters .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty waters .
no pig can catch at most one hand .
no pig can catch fewer than one hand .
no doctor can stand on top of at least thirty bits .
no doctor can stand on top of more than thirty bits .
no dinosaur can leave at least ten hands .
no dinosaur can leave more than ten hands .
no duke can move to at most nine arms .
no duke can move to fewer than nine arms .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten toys .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten toys .
no boat can stand on top of at most twenty bears .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than twenty bears .
no duke can leave at least six rings .
no duke can leave more than six rings .
no dinosaur can exist without at most twenty movies .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than twenty movies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least twenty minutes .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than twenty minutes .
no sister could carry at most nine dollars .
no sister could carry fewer than nine dollars .
no sister can leave at most six animals .
no sister can leave fewer than six animals .
no doctor could open the door to at most ten children .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than ten children .
no dinosaur can catch at least one bone .
no dinosaur can catch more than one bone .
no wolf can open the door to at least twenty fingers .
no wolf can open the door to more than twenty fingers .
no boat could exist without at least twenty stands .
no boat could exist without more than twenty stands .
no duke can carry at most one animal .
no duke can carry fewer than one animal .
no wolf can leave at most nine children .
no wolf can leave fewer than nine children .
no doctor can carry at least ten animals .
no doctor can carry more than ten animals .
no duke could carry at least ten babies .
no duke could carry more than ten babies .
no boat can open the door to at most six dogs .
no boat can open the door to fewer than six dogs .
no slave can open the door to at most nine dogs .
no slave can open the door to fewer than nine dogs .
no slave can move to at least one picture .
no slave can move to more than one picture .
no boat could open the door to at most ten stars .
no boat could open the door to fewer than ten stars .
no duke could catch at most ten things .
no duke could catch fewer than ten things .
no pig could carry at most twenty books .
no pig could carry fewer than twenty books .
no boat can move to at most twenty waters .
no boat can move to fewer than twenty waters .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most nine whales .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than nine whales .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least thirty lies .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than thirty lies .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine restaurants .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine restaurants .
no slave could leave at least six dogs .
no slave could leave more than six dogs .
no sister can move to at least one child .
no sister can move to more than one child .
no doctor could exist without at most one whale .
no doctor could exist without fewer than one whale .
no slave could open the door to at least ten ways .
no slave could open the door to more than ten ways .
no doctor can move to at least six boats .
no doctor can move to more than six boats .
no pig can move to at least nine birds .
no pig can move to more than nine birds .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most six babies .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than six babies .
no duke can open the door to at most one ring .
no duke can open the door to fewer than one ring .
no pig can leave at most twenty patterns .
no pig can leave fewer than twenty patterns .
no pig can open the door to at most ten toys .
no pig can open the door to fewer than ten toys .
no dinosaur can leave at most one car .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than one car .
no doctor can exist without at most six arms .
no doctor can exist without fewer than six arms .
no slave can move to at least ten feet .
no slave can move to more than ten feet .
no slave can increase the size of at most twenty feet .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than twenty feet .
no sister could catch at least ten differences .
no sister could catch more than ten differences .
no wolf could stand on top of at least one guy .
no wolf could stand on top of more than one guy .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least twenty cars .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than twenty cars .
no doctor could carry at most ten horses .
no doctor could carry fewer than ten horses .
no dinosaur could move to at least one type .
no dinosaur could move to more than one type .
no boat can stand on top of at least thirty stars .
no boat can stand on top of more than thirty stars .
no boat could catch at least ten songs .
no boat could catch more than ten songs .
no sister could leave at most twenty ways .
no sister could leave fewer than twenty ways .
no pig could stand on top of at most ten words .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than ten words .
no boat could exist without at least ten words .
no boat could exist without more than ten words .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty stories .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty stories .
no wolf could leave at least six parents .
no wolf could leave more than six parents .
no doctor can catch at least nine babies .
no doctor can catch more than nine babies .
no pig can open the door to at most six lions .
no pig can open the door to fewer than six lions .
no wolf could exist without at most ten stories .
no wolf could exist without fewer than ten stories .
no slave could carry at least six parents .
no slave could carry more than six parents .
no sister could carry at least twenty types .
no sister could carry more than twenty types .
no slave could carry at least thirty words .
no slave could carry more than thirty words .
no duke can exist without at most thirty feet .
no duke can exist without fewer than thirty feet .
no boat could exist without at least thirty problems .
no boat could exist without more than thirty problems .
no doctor can increase the size of at most twenty calls .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than twenty calls .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most one bone .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than one bone .
no pig can stand on top of at least six bits .
no pig can stand on top of more than six bits .
no sister can leave at least six boats .
no sister can leave more than six boats .
no wolf can carry at most twenty differences .
no wolf can carry fewer than twenty differences .
no sister can carry at most twenty lions .
no sister can carry fewer than twenty lions .
no boat could catch at least one song .
no boat could catch more than one song .
no wolf can catch at least thirty engines .
no wolf can catch more than thirty engines .
no duke could open the door to at least six parents .
no duke could open the door to more than six parents .
no doctor can increase the size of at least thirty stories .
no doctor can increase the size of more than thirty stories .
no doctor could leave at least six arms .
no doctor could leave more than six arms .
no sister could leave at most nine types .
no sister could leave fewer than nine types .
no pig could stand on top of at most ten stands .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than ten stands .
no pig can leave at least six days .
no pig can leave more than six days .
no doctor can catch at most twenty patterns .
no doctor can catch fewer than twenty patterns .
no sister can move to at least six bears .
no sister can move to more than six bears .
no doctor can carry at least twenty children .
no doctor can carry more than twenty children .
no boat can exist without at least six cars .
no boat can exist without more than six cars .
no dinosaur could exist without at most one baby .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than one baby .
no slave could leave at least ten patterns .
no slave could leave more than ten patterns .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most thirty dogs .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than thirty dogs .
no duke can stand on top of at most twenty things .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than twenty things .
no doctor could carry at most nine colors .
no doctor could carry fewer than nine colors .
no wolf could leave at least one book .
no wolf could leave more than one book .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten guys .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten guys .
no duke could leave at least nine toys .
no duke could leave more than nine toys .
no dinosaur can leave at least twenty waters .
no dinosaur can leave more than twenty waters .
no doctor can catch at least one band .
no doctor can catch more than one band .
no doctor could increase the size of at least ten birds .
no doctor could increase the size of more than ten birds .
no sister could move to at most twenty girls .
no sister could move to fewer than twenty girls .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten lions .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten lions .
no pig could open the door to at least twenty dogs .
no pig could open the door to more than twenty dogs .
no duke could move to at most twenty lions .
no duke could move to fewer than twenty lions .
no wolf could stand on top of at least six days .
no wolf could stand on top of more than six days .
no duke can increase the size of at least twenty stands .
no duke can increase the size of more than twenty stands .
no boat can exist without at most six dogs .
no boat can exist without fewer than six dogs .
no pig can increase the size of at least one dog .
no pig can increase the size of more than one dog .
no doctor can leave at least ten birds .
no doctor can leave more than ten birds .
no doctor can exist without at most thirty colors .
no doctor can exist without fewer than thirty colors .
no dinosaur could leave at least nine ways .
no dinosaur could leave more than nine ways .
no doctor could stand on top of at least nine movies .
no doctor could stand on top of more than nine movies .
no duke can stand on top of at least thirty problems .
no duke can stand on top of more than thirty problems .
no doctor could move to at least twenty feet .
no doctor could move to more than twenty feet .
no wolf could move to at least twenty toys .
no wolf could move to more than twenty toys .
no sister could move to at least twenty stands .
no sister could move to more than twenty stands .
no duke could exist without at most one animal .
no duke could exist without fewer than one animal .
no dinosaur can leave at most twenty songs .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than twenty songs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least six lies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than six lies .
no sister can move to at most ten colors .
no sister can move to fewer than ten colors .
no slave can move to at least twenty fingers .
no slave can move to more than twenty fingers .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine problems .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine problems .
no doctor could move to at least six differences .
no doctor could move to more than six differences .
no wolf can catch at most thirty stories .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty stories .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty engines .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty engines .
no boat can open the door to at most thirty calls .
no boat can open the door to fewer than thirty calls .
no dinosaur can carry at most twenty lies .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than twenty lies .
no wolf could increase the size of at least six pictures .
no wolf could increase the size of more than six pictures .
no pig can leave at least thirty babies .
no pig can leave more than thirty babies .
no slave can exist without at most ten babies .
no slave can exist without fewer than ten babies .
no boat can carry at least nine babies .
no boat can carry more than nine babies .
no pig can exist without at least nine movies .
no pig can exist without more than nine movies .
no pig could exist without at most twenty stands .
no pig could exist without fewer than twenty stands .
no boat can carry at most thirty whales .
no boat can carry fewer than thirty whales .
no duke could exist without at least one thing .
no duke could exist without more than one thing .
no slave can open the door to at most nine stands .
no slave can open the door to fewer than nine stands .
no sister could increase the size of at most six guys .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than six guys .
no doctor could leave at most twenty feet .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty feet .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine types .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine types .
no slave could carry at least nine bits .
no slave could carry more than nine bits .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty bands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty bands .
no slave could stand on top of at least thirty songs .
no slave could stand on top of more than thirty songs .
no sister can leave at most thirty patterns .
no sister can leave fewer than thirty patterns .
no pig can exist without at most twenty eggs .
no pig can exist without fewer than twenty eggs .
no slave could exist without at most one stand .
no slave could exist without fewer than one stand .
no doctor could exist without at most ten kings .
no doctor could exist without fewer than ten kings .
no wolf can increase the size of at least thirty boats .
no wolf can increase the size of more than thirty boats .
no slave could increase the size of at most one child .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than one child .
no wolf can catch at least six stars .
no wolf can catch more than six stars .
no doctor could move to at most one arm .
no doctor could move to fewer than one arm .
no boat could move to at most one page .
no boat could move to fewer than one page .
no pig could stand on top of at most one arm .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one arm .
no doctor can catch at least thirty animals .
no doctor can catch more than thirty animals .
no boat can carry at least six babies .
no boat can carry more than six babies .
no boat could stand on top of at most twenty kings .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than twenty kings .
no slave can increase the size of at least twenty stands .
no slave can increase the size of more than twenty stands .
no doctor could leave at most nine toys .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine toys .
no sister could stand on top of at least nine bears .
no sister could stand on top of more than nine bears .
no slave could carry at most twenty ways .
no slave could carry fewer than twenty ways .
no pig can exist without at most ten boats .
no pig can exist without fewer than ten boats .
no duke can catch at most twenty pages .
no duke can catch fewer than twenty pages .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most ten bones .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than ten bones .
no slave could exist without at most ten engines .
no slave could exist without fewer than ten engines .
no wolf could catch at least thirty parents .
no wolf could catch more than thirty parents .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty things .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty things .
no duke can open the door to at least thirty engines .
no duke can open the door to more than thirty engines .
no slave can exist without at most one finger .
no slave can exist without fewer than one finger .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least ten minutes .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than ten minutes .
no boat could increase the size of at least six horses .
no boat could increase the size of more than six horses .
no duke could leave at most thirty dogs .
no duke could leave fewer than thirty dogs .
no duke can stand on top of at least nine bones .
no duke can stand on top of more than nine bones .
no dinosaur can carry at most one window .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than one window .
no dinosaur can catch at least ten waters .
no dinosaur can catch more than ten waters .
no wolf can catch at most nine stars .
no wolf can catch fewer than nine stars .
no pig can stand on top of at most one minute .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than one minute .
no doctor can stand on top of at least one star .
no doctor can stand on top of more than one star .
no wolf can move to at least one engine .
no wolf can move to more than one engine .
no duke can carry at least six animals .
no duke can carry more than six animals .
no doctor could move to at least twenty stories .
no doctor could move to more than twenty stories .
no duke can stand on top of at most thirty animals .
no duke can stand on top of fewer than thirty animals .
no duke can carry at least ten eggs .
no duke can carry more than ten eggs .
no wolf can increase the size of at most six words .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than six words .
no wolf can open the door to at most nine animals .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than nine animals .
no slave can leave at least ten arms .
no slave can leave more than ten arms .
no duke can move to at least twenty movies .
no duke can move to more than twenty movies .
no dinosaur could carry at least ten stars .
no dinosaur could carry more than ten stars .
no slave can increase the size of at most six lions .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than six lions .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty eggs .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty eggs .
no wolf could leave at most twenty girls .
no wolf could leave fewer than twenty girls .
no wolf can increase the size of at most ten arms .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than ten arms .
no doctor could catch at least twenty bits .
no doctor could catch more than twenty bits .
no pig can carry at least nine rings .
no pig can carry more than nine rings .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten guys .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten guys .
no duke could carry at least one girl .
no duke could carry more than one girl .
no sister could open the door to at least nine guys .
no sister could open the door to more than nine guys .
no sister could move to at least one child .
no sister could move to more than one child .
no boat could move to at least thirty engines .
no boat could move to more than thirty engines .
no duke could open the door to at least six birds .
no duke could open the door to more than six birds .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least thirty kings .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than thirty kings .
no slave could leave at most one finger .
no slave could leave fewer than one finger .
no boat could catch at least nine toys .
no boat could catch more than nine toys .
no sister can leave at most ten animals .
no sister can leave fewer than ten animals .
no duke can move to at most thirty waters .
no duke can move to fewer than thirty waters .
no sister could exist without at most twenty parents .
no sister could exist without fewer than twenty parents .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty differences .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty differences .
no wolf could open the door to at most six lions .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than six lions .
no doctor could carry at most one story .
no doctor could carry fewer than one story .
no pig can catch at most six bears .
no pig can catch fewer than six bears .
no slave can exist without at most twenty rings .
no slave can exist without fewer than twenty rings .
no pig can catch at most six hands .
no pig can catch fewer than six hands .
no pig could open the door to at least nine guys .
no pig could open the door to more than nine guys .
no duke could increase the size of at most ten animals .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than ten animals .
no wolf can open the door to at least one story .
no wolf can open the door to more than one story .
no sister could move to at most one lion .
no sister could move to fewer than one lion .
no slave can move to at most one star .
no slave can move to fewer than one star .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most ten horses .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than ten horses .
no boat could leave at least thirty bears .
no boat could leave more than thirty bears .
no dinosaur can exist without at least nine dollars .
no dinosaur can exist without more than nine dollars .
no wolf can increase the size of at least nine bones .
no wolf can increase the size of more than nine bones .
no slave could open the door to at least thirty waters .
no slave could open the door to more than thirty waters .
no slave can stand on top of at least one minute .
no slave can stand on top of more than one minute .
no duke could carry at least thirty bands .
no duke could carry more than thirty bands .
no wolf could move to at most ten books .
no wolf could move to fewer than ten books .
no boat could increase the size of at most nine birds .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than nine birds .
no pig could carry at most six movies .
no pig could carry fewer than six movies .
no duke could increase the size of at most one page .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than one page .
no boat could stand on top of at least one boat .
no boat could stand on top of more than one boat .
no dinosaur could leave at least one arm .
no dinosaur could leave more than one arm .
no slave could move to at most nine types .
no slave could move to fewer than nine types .
no pig could move to at least thirty waters .
no pig could move to more than thirty waters .
no slave can move to at least twenty patterns .
no slave can move to more than twenty patterns .
no slave could increase the size of at least six guys .
no slave could increase the size of more than six guys .
no pig could open the door to at most six minutes .
no pig could open the door to fewer than six minutes .
no doctor can leave at most nine bits .
no doctor can leave fewer than nine bits .
no slave can stand on top of at most thirty boats .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than thirty boats .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most nine hands .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than nine hands .
no boat can increase the size of at least one ring .
no boat can increase the size of more than one ring .
no pig can move to at least thirty girls .
no pig can move to more than thirty girls .
no duke could open the door to at most thirty stars .
no duke could open the door to fewer than thirty stars .
no sister can carry at least thirty animals .
no sister can carry more than thirty animals .
no dinosaur could exist without at least one bear .
no dinosaur could exist without more than one bear .
no duke could increase the size of at least twenty words .
no duke could increase the size of more than twenty words .
no pig can open the door to at least six ways .
no pig can open the door to more than six ways .
no dinosaur can catch at most thirty pages .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than thirty pages .
no pig can move to at least twenty bones .
no pig can move to more than twenty bones .
no sister can increase the size of at least thirty pages .
no sister can increase the size of more than thirty pages .
no wolf can open the door to at most one bone .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than one bone .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most thirty patterns .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than thirty patterns .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty feet .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty feet .
no slave could increase the size of at least thirty minutes .
no slave could increase the size of more than thirty minutes .
no duke can catch at least six things .
no duke can catch more than six things .
no duke could exist without at most twenty feet .
no duke could exist without fewer than twenty feet .
no boat could move to at most thirty kings .
no boat could move to fewer than thirty kings .
no slave can increase the size of at least six movies .
no slave can increase the size of more than six movies .
no boat can carry at least twenty feet .
no boat can carry more than twenty feet .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most one engine .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than one engine .
no duke could leave at most nine songs .
no duke could leave fewer than nine songs .
no doctor could catch at least twenty babies .
no doctor could catch more than twenty babies .
no pig can carry at least thirty restaurants .
no pig can carry more than thirty restaurants .
no slave can leave at least one parent .
no slave can leave more than one parent .
no wolf could increase the size of at most twenty arms .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than twenty arms .
no slave could move to at least six eggs .
no slave could move to more than six eggs .
no pig can move to at least six babies .
no pig can move to more than six babies .
no slave could increase the size of at most twenty types .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than twenty types .
no doctor could move to at least one way .
no doctor could move to more than one way .
no doctor can open the door to at least twenty pictures .
no doctor can open the door to more than twenty pictures .
no doctor could open the door to at most twenty things .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than twenty things .
no duke could leave at least six stands .
no duke could leave more than six stands .
no doctor can leave at most twenty girls .
no doctor can leave fewer than twenty girls .
no duke can leave at most twenty bears .
no duke can leave fewer than twenty bears .
no sister could move to at most ten bears .
no sister could move to fewer than ten bears .
no pig can catch at least ten lions .
no pig can catch more than ten lions .
no pig can leave at most thirty horses .
no pig can leave fewer than thirty horses .
no duke could catch at least one bit .
no duke could catch more than one bit .
no pig could leave at most ten stands .
no pig could leave fewer than ten stands .
no slave could exist without at least thirty whales .
no slave could exist without more than thirty whales .
no boat can stand on top of at least thirty bands .
no boat can stand on top of more than thirty bands .
no duke could increase the size of at most twenty cars .
no duke could increase the size of fewer than twenty cars .
no duke can move to at least six cars .
no duke can move to more than six cars .
no pig can leave at least nine waters .
no pig can leave more than nine waters .
no doctor could increase the size of at least six lions .
no doctor could increase the size of more than six lions .
no sister can move to at most thirty stories .
no sister can move to fewer than thirty stories .
no pig can catch at least nine calls .
no pig can catch more than nine calls .
no sister could move to at most thirty pages .
no sister could move to fewer than thirty pages .
no sister could stand on top of at least six types .
no sister could stand on top of more than six types .
no doctor could move to at least six babies .
no doctor could move to more than six babies .
no boat can stand on top of at least ten horses .
no boat can stand on top of more than ten horses .
no slave could move to at least twenty patterns .
no slave could move to more than twenty patterns .
no pig can increase the size of at most twenty differences .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than twenty differences .
no boat can leave at most nine stars .
no boat can leave fewer than nine stars .
no pig could move to at least six colors .
no pig could move to more than six colors .
no pig could catch at least one type .
no pig could catch more than one type .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten pages .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten pages .
no slave can carry at least ten waters .
no slave can carry more than ten waters .
no sister can open the door to at least thirty movies .
no sister can open the door to more than thirty movies .
no wolf can leave at least nine babies .
no wolf can leave more than nine babies .
no slave can open the door to at least nine differences .
no slave can open the door to more than nine differences .
no dinosaur can leave at least twenty babies .
no dinosaur can leave more than twenty babies .
no pig can increase the size of at least twenty pages .
no pig can increase the size of more than twenty pages .
no doctor can move to at least twenty dogs .
no doctor can move to more than twenty dogs .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten feet .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten feet .
no slave could move to at least one bear .
no slave could move to more than one bear .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine types .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine types .
no dinosaur could leave at least one difference .
no dinosaur could leave more than one difference .
no slave could increase the size of at most one parent .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than one parent .
no doctor could increase the size of at most nine bones .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than nine bones .
no pig can open the door to at most twenty movies .
no pig can open the door to fewer than twenty movies .
no duke could exist without at most one day .
no duke could exist without fewer than one day .
no dinosaur can move to at least one dog .
no dinosaur can move to more than one dog .
no slave could carry at most one girl .
no slave could carry fewer than one girl .
no slave could catch at most nine girls .
no slave could catch fewer than nine girls .
no doctor could stand on top of at least twenty bones .
no doctor could stand on top of more than twenty bones .
no doctor could open the door to at most nine windows .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than nine windows .
no duke could open the door to at least one girl .
no duke could open the door to more than one girl .
no wolf could carry at most ten words .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten words .
no doctor can catch at most ten songs .
no doctor can catch fewer than ten songs .
no sister could leave at least nine lions .
no sister could leave more than nine lions .
no doctor could stand on top of at most ten bones .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than ten bones .
no doctor could exist without at most twenty minutes .
no doctor could exist without fewer than twenty minutes .
no slave could open the door to at least twenty types .
no slave could open the door to more than twenty types .
no duke could increase the size of at least ten toys .
no duke could increase the size of more than ten toys .
no sister can carry at most nine stories .
no sister can carry fewer than nine stories .
no sister can increase the size of at most six bands .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than six bands .
no wolf could stand on top of at least twenty days .
no wolf could stand on top of more than twenty days .
no sister can stand on top of at most nine kings .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than nine kings .
no dinosaur can catch at most one picture .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than one picture .
no wolf could open the door to at least ten arms .
no wolf could open the door to more than ten arms .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six waters .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six waters .
no slave can stand on top of at most nine girls .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than nine girls .
no wolf can exist without at most nine dogs .
no wolf can exist without fewer than nine dogs .
no slave could carry at least nine days .
no slave could carry more than nine days .
no pig could open the door to at least thirty animals .
no pig could open the door to more than thirty animals .
no doctor can move to at least one dollar .
no doctor can move to more than one dollar .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most six hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than six hands .
no duke can leave at least nine whales .
no duke can leave more than nine whales .
no dinosaur could leave at most nine kings .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than nine kings .
no wolf could stand on top of at most nine types .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than nine types .
no dinosaur could catch at least one bear .
no dinosaur could catch more than one bear .
no slave could carry at most one movie .
no slave could carry fewer than one movie .
no boat can leave at most one animal .
no boat can leave fewer than one animal .
no boat can stand on top of at most twenty problems .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than twenty problems .
no duke can move to at most nine restaurants .
no duke can move to fewer than nine restaurants .
no wolf could catch at least nine windows .
no wolf could catch more than nine windows .
no duke could increase the size of at least one whale .
no duke could increase the size of more than one whale .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most six arms .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than six arms .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least one bone .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than one bone .
no sister can stand on top of at most ten things .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than ten things .
no wolf could leave at least thirty problems .
no wolf could leave more than thirty problems .
no duke could exist without at most one arm .
no duke could exist without fewer than one arm .
no pig can move to at least twenty windows .
no pig can move to more than twenty windows .
no slave could exist without at least thirty dollars .
no slave could exist without more than thirty dollars .
no slave could open the door to at most twenty babies .
no slave could open the door to fewer than twenty babies .
no boat can exist without at least nine colors .
no boat can exist without more than nine colors .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one guy .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one guy .
no boat could catch at least twenty kings .
no boat could catch more than twenty kings .
no duke can catch at most ten dollars .
no duke can catch fewer than ten dollars .
no doctor can catch at most thirty things .
no doctor can catch fewer than thirty things .
no boat can carry at most ten bones .
no boat can carry fewer than ten bones .
no pig could carry at least six colors .
no pig could carry more than six colors .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty problems .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty problems .
no pig can move to at least nine engines .
no pig can move to more than nine engines .
no wolf can catch at least ten eggs .
no wolf can catch more than ten eggs .
no wolf can stand on top of at most one child .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than one child .
no boat can carry at most thirty eggs .
no boat can carry fewer than thirty eggs .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty toys .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty toys .
no sister can carry at least six guys .
no sister can carry more than six guys .
no wolf could stand on top of at most one page .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than one page .
no dinosaur can move to at most ten bones .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than ten bones .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most six waters .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than six waters .
no slave can exist without at most nine bands .
no slave can exist without fewer than nine bands .
no boat could increase the size of at most one car .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than one car .
no pig can stand on top of at least one band .
no pig can stand on top of more than one band .
no sister can carry at least ten lions .
no sister can carry more than ten lions .
no sister can exist without at most twenty babies .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty babies .
no sister could catch at most ten stories .
no sister could catch fewer than ten stories .
no slave can stand on top of at most six stars .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six stars .
no wolf could carry at least nine minutes .
no wolf could carry more than nine minutes .
no pig can carry at most thirty words .
no pig can carry fewer than thirty words .
no dinosaur could leave at most six fingers .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six fingers .
no pig can move to at least ten windows .
no pig can move to more than ten windows .
no doctor can catch at least twenty whales .
no doctor can catch more than twenty whales .
no sister can move to at least six books .
no sister can move to more than six books .
no doctor could move to at most twenty cars .
no doctor could move to fewer than twenty cars .
no pig could stand on top of at least twenty books .
no pig could stand on top of more than twenty books .
no boat can move to at least ten engines .
no boat can move to more than ten engines .
no sister can exist without at most ten engines .
no sister can exist without fewer than ten engines .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least one stand .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than one stand .
no pig can leave at most twenty pictures .
no pig can leave fewer than twenty pictures .
no duke can open the door to at most six days .
no duke can open the door to fewer than six days .
no sister could stand on top of at least ten bands .
no sister could stand on top of more than ten bands .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most nine colors .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than nine colors .
no wolf could open the door to at least thirty hands .
no wolf could open the door to more than thirty hands .
no pig could open the door to at most ten dogs .
no pig could open the door to fewer than ten dogs .
no dinosaur could carry at least one engine .
no dinosaur could carry more than one engine .
no boat could carry at most thirty pages .
no boat could carry fewer than thirty pages .
no slave could exist without at most thirty children .
no slave could exist without fewer than thirty children .
no doctor could open the door to at least twenty feet .
no doctor could open the door to more than twenty feet .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most one stand .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than one stand .
no boat can leave at most ten pictures .
no boat can leave fewer than ten pictures .
no duke could open the door to at least nine types .
no duke could open the door to more than nine types .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most nine stands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than nine stands .
no doctor could stand on top of at least one color .
no doctor could stand on top of more than one color .
no doctor can open the door to at least ten girls .
no doctor can open the door to more than ten girls .
no boat can leave at least twenty waters .
no boat can leave more than twenty waters .
no slave can leave at least twenty feet .
no slave can leave more than twenty feet .
no slave could leave at least twenty pages .
no slave could leave more than twenty pages .
no sister could increase the size of at most twenty stars .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than twenty stars .
no wolf could exist without at most nine hands .
no wolf could exist without fewer than nine hands .
no dinosaur could leave at least one song .
no dinosaur could leave more than one song .
no wolf can open the door to at most ten kings .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than ten kings .
no slave could carry at most six windows .
no slave could carry fewer than six windows .
no boat can move to at least ten kings .
no boat can move to more than ten kings .
no sister could increase the size of at least twenty restaurants .
no sister could increase the size of more than twenty restaurants .
no duke can catch at least one hand .
no duke can catch more than one hand .
no pig can increase the size of at least thirty pictures .
no pig can increase the size of more than thirty pictures .
no boat could move to at least thirty birds .
no boat could move to more than thirty birds .
no duke can increase the size of at most twenty dollars .
no duke can increase the size of fewer than twenty dollars .
no duke could move to at least six kings .
no duke could move to more than six kings .
no sister can move to at least six stories .
no sister can move to more than six stories .
no sister can move to at least thirty calls .
no sister can move to more than thirty calls .
no slave can move to at most six ways .
no slave can move to fewer than six ways .
no boat could carry at least six rings .
no boat could carry more than six rings .
no boat could exist without at least nine problems .
no boat could exist without more than nine problems .
no slave could exist without at least thirty boats .
no slave could exist without more than thirty boats .
no dinosaur could leave at most one difference .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than one difference .
no pig can stand on top of at least nine eggs .
no pig can stand on top of more than nine eggs .
no wolf can stand on top of at least ten colors .
no wolf can stand on top of more than ten colors .
no slave can increase the size of at least six songs .
no slave can increase the size of more than six songs .
no pig could exist without at most thirty horses .
no pig could exist without fewer than thirty horses .
no dinosaur can move to at most nine engines .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than nine engines .
no sister could leave at least thirty arms .
no sister could leave more than thirty arms .
no pig could catch at most ten boats .
no pig could catch fewer than ten boats .
no doctor can stand on top of at most one dollar .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than one dollar .
no boat could increase the size of at most twenty ways .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than twenty ways .
no pig could exist without at least thirty horses .
no pig could exist without more than thirty horses .
no boat could stand on top of at most one whale .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than one whale .
no wolf could leave at most thirty types .
no wolf could leave fewer than thirty types .
no boat could leave at most thirty dollars .
no boat could leave fewer than thirty dollars .
no sister could open the door to at most ten babies .
no sister could open the door to fewer than ten babies .
no duke could move to at most nine patterns .
no duke could move to fewer than nine patterns .
no pig could carry at most nine boats .
no pig could carry fewer than nine boats .
no sister could catch at most six eggs .
no sister could catch fewer than six eggs .
no slave could leave at least nine birds .
no slave could leave more than nine birds .
no pig can stand on top of at most one bird .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than one bird .
no boat can increase the size of at least ten stories .
no boat can increase the size of more than ten stories .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least twenty babies .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than twenty babies .
no wolf can open the door to at least twenty ways .
no wolf can open the door to more than twenty ways .
no wolf can exist without at least nine girls .
no wolf can exist without more than nine girls .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most thirty days .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than thirty days .
no slave can carry at least six fingers .
no slave can carry more than six fingers .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most ten babies .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than ten babies .
no pig could catch at least ten colors .
no pig could catch more than ten colors .
no dinosaur could catch at most six rings .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than six rings .
no sister could move to at most ten pictures .
no sister could move to fewer than ten pictures .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine bits .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine bits .
no doctor could exist without at least ten feet .
no doctor could exist without more than ten feet .
no slave can exist without at least ten horses .
no slave can exist without more than ten horses .
no wolf could increase the size of at most one bone .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than one bone .
no wolf could open the door to at least thirty arms .
no wolf could open the door to more than thirty arms .
no duke can open the door to at least ten horses .
no duke can open the door to more than ten horses .
no slave can catch at least ten girls .
no slave can catch more than ten girls .
no duke can leave at least thirty bears .
no duke can leave more than thirty bears .
no duke can increase the size of at least nine days .
no duke can increase the size of more than nine days .
no wolf could leave at least twenty whales .
no wolf could leave more than twenty whales .
no slave could exist without at least thirty rings .
no slave could exist without more than thirty rings .
no sister could catch at least thirty animals .
no sister could catch more than thirty animals .
no slave can open the door to at least twenty minutes .
no slave can open the door to more than twenty minutes .
no wolf could carry at most one window .
no wolf could carry fewer than one window .
no pig can open the door to at least nine fingers .
no pig can open the door to more than nine fingers .
no wolf could carry at least nine things .
no wolf could carry more than nine things .
no boat can exist without at most twenty stands .
no boat can exist without fewer than twenty stands .
no pig can exist without at least nine songs .
no pig can exist without more than nine songs .
no doctor could exist without at most twenty bones .
no doctor could exist without fewer than twenty bones .
no slave can exist without at least six eggs .
no slave can exist without more than six eggs .
no wolf could catch at least one dollar .
no wolf could catch more than one dollar .
no doctor could leave at least twenty windows .
no doctor could leave more than twenty windows .
no pig can catch at most ten engines .
no pig can catch fewer than ten engines .
no boat could catch at least six babies .
no boat could catch more than six babies .
no duke can increase the size of at least thirty parents .
no duke can increase the size of more than thirty parents .
no pig can move to at least thirty stars .
no pig can move to more than thirty stars .
no pig could increase the size of at most one picture .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than one picture .
no duke can leave at most nine kings .
no duke can leave fewer than nine kings .
no sister could catch at least nine boats .
no sister could catch more than nine boats .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty stars .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty stars .
no doctor can catch at most one bit .
no doctor can catch fewer than one bit .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least ten babies .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than ten babies .
no doctor could catch at least six stories .
no doctor could catch more than six stories .
no sister could leave at most one whale .
no sister could leave fewer than one whale .
no duke could leave at most ten boats .
no duke could leave fewer than ten boats .
no boat can catch at least one lie .
no boat can catch more than one lie .
no pig could increase the size of at most nine stands .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than nine stands .
no pig can catch at least nine days .
no pig can catch more than nine days .
no boat can carry at most nine restaurants .
no boat can carry fewer than nine restaurants .
no slave could exist without at most one page .
no slave could exist without fewer than one page .
no boat can exist without at least thirty birds .
no boat can exist without more than thirty birds .
no sister could exist without at least twenty pages .
no sister could exist without more than twenty pages .
no boat could open the door to at most thirty ways .
no boat could open the door to fewer than thirty ways .
no doctor can open the door to at least one window .
no doctor can open the door to more than one window .
no doctor can stand on top of at least six guys .
no doctor can stand on top of more than six guys .
no sister can exist without at least thirty horses .
no sister can exist without more than thirty horses .
no boat can move to at most nine pictures .
no boat can move to fewer than nine pictures .
no doctor could carry at least six bits .
no doctor could carry more than six bits .
no doctor could catch at most six calls .
no doctor could catch fewer than six calls .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least six pages .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than six pages .
no sister can leave at most ten stars .
no sister can leave fewer than ten stars .
no sister can carry at least one thing .
no sister can carry more than one thing .
no wolf could open the door to at least thirty children .
no wolf could open the door to more than thirty children .
no slave can stand on top of at most twenty fingers .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than twenty fingers .
no pig could move to at least nine differences .
no pig could move to more than nine differences .
no pig can stand on top of at most one window .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than one window .
no sister can catch at least twenty dogs .
no sister can catch more than twenty dogs .
no doctor can exist without at most one story .
no doctor can exist without fewer than one story .
no sister could carry at least one parent .
no sister could carry more than one parent .
no slave could increase the size of at least thirty toys .
no slave could increase the size of more than thirty toys .
no boat could catch at most one king .
no boat could catch fewer than one king .
no doctor can move to at least thirty girls .
no doctor can move to more than thirty girls .
no wolf could open the door to at most nine lions .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than nine lions .
